














                 

































 



 

straight-talk
efficient
20 yrs. exp.

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 







western patent group
georgetown, texas                           
              burnet, texas
 
the mere reading this or any web page i've published does not
        create any relationship between us.   the web pages i publish are for general
        informational purposes only.
greetings, 
i'm chris
        whewell, a us patent agent with over 20 years experience
        writing and filing patent applications, and fighting for the patent rights of
        my clients from all over the world.  
         
when
        endeavoring on a new venture, the single most-important thing is to have
        a good business team.  even the best inventions by themselves do
        not sell, a team is needed.  you may wish to consider including me
        on your team to cover the ip side.
i have hands-on experience and in-depth knowledge in a wide range of
        technologies.   in 20 years of
        practice, i haven't had a single dis-satisfied client.  i'm a licensed ham operator ke5hyg,
        degreed chemist, experienced in mechanical inventions of all types,
        knowledgeable in the electrical arts, knowledgeable in computer
        networks, and expert in patent practice.  my first patent was us patent 5,017,271.
         

        i earned a master's degree, cum laude, from the university
        of
        texas in technology commercialization, see 
www.ic2.org
          
        
if you have an invention you are
        considering patenting or marketing, i can probably help you better than
        the vast majority of other patent practitioners because of my knowledge,
        experience, and skills.
i've had many successful experiences with
        the patent office over
        the years, including situations where other agents and patent attorneys
        had given up.  for an example of a patent where an inventors' lawyer told him to
        quit, who then hired me and i prevailed in obtaining him a valuable
        patent, see us patent 6,662,479.  another is us 6,245,240 in which the lawyer gave up and i prevailed. 

        i have 8 years experience as the top in-house patent practitioner at a $10
        billion international corporation with a 240-case docket, managing
        outside counsel, writing nda's and cooperative research agreements,
        counseling the company's inventors, among other deeds.
i've ghost-written dozens of cases
        for what used to be the world's largest automobile manufacturer.
i prevailed for a client in
        opposition proceedings at the epo in munich against a team of 12, when
        my lead lawyer broke his back the night before and was unable to attend,
        and all i was left with was a junior lawyer and a trainee. 
        i've worked extensively with patent lawyers from all over the world,
        including the eu, uk, china, japan, the russian federation, australia,
        brazil, and others.

for an example of where a decorated
        primary examiner (awarded a gold medal by the patent commissioner
        himself) literally
        called me up and literally yelled at me that i won't allow this
        case, your claims are too broad, to which i responded there is
        no statutory basis for rejecting on breadth, and prevailed, see us patent
        6,593,495.
         

for a peek at some of my methods, see us patent 8,008,239 or 8,510,031 or 6,564,394. 
        i am highly-creative, know what it takes to get a patent, and
        know how to argue and win.  if it appears at the beginning your invention is likely not
        patentable, i explain why, and in some cases we can go from
        there and do certain things to make it patentable. 
        otherwise, i tell you to hang it up and do something else.  for an
        example of creative patent claiming, see us patent 6,564,394.
         

for a recent example (2014) where
        three
        examiners repeatedly rejected my client's claims on
        "obviousness", and in which i wrote a winning brief that
        forced the board of patent appeals to reversed the examiners, ask me
        about it.
if you need someone who's pragmatic,
        experienced and knowledgeable, the look no further.  call or email
        me at:
chrisw@patentsearcher.com

please do not send any confidential information via email.   

chris whewell, uspto reg. no. 37,469
        m.s. , technology commercialization
          tel. (512) 756-7567
references available upon request.

fields of art:
* mechanical;
        * consumer products;
        * oilfield;
        * internet;
        * kitchen gadgets;
        * business methods;
        * petrochemicals;
        * ordnance;
        * orthodontics;
        * semiconductors;
        * chemical;
        * pharmaceutical;
        * electroplating;
        * mining;
        * automotive;
        * tool & die;
        * sporting goods;
        * sportswear;
        * architecture;
        * surface treatments;
        * methods and processes;
        * bedroom devices;
        * etc., but no biotech and no software.
        
other quick examples:
         

orthodontic appliances 7,033,171
        how to patent a house 
        8,549,801
        internet-based system  8,510,031
        refueling coupling used in nascar 8,453,685
        semiconductors  7,112,921;
        7,109,648; 6,987,353; 6,982,045
        oilfield equipment 6,893,484
        golf club 6,786,835
         

obviousness rejection ??
         

obviousness
        rejections can be the most difficult of all patent office rejections. 
        i overcome them regularly, and have even had patent examiners
        phone me over holiday to compliment me and tell me i'm right and issued
        the case as a patent.  ask yourself
        how andrew
        jackson, jim bowie, or edward mandell house might overcome an obviousness rejection,
        then think of me.  
for an example of the first patent i wrote on my own invention
        and successfully argued against an obviousness rejection  2 years
        prior to even being registered to practice patent law before the
        uspto, please see us patent 5,156,721.
in addition to fighting for my clients' patent rights, i perform:
        
* counseling on whether your invention
        may be commercially viable;
        
        * patentability searches;
        * preparation and filing of us and international patent applications;
        * preparation and filing of responses to patent office communications;
        * us rep. for patent applications initially filed outside the usa; 
        * claims amended to conform to uspto practice, when requested; and
        * cost control.one of the most important aspects of
        patenting inventions, is the patentability search.   from a
        well-conducted search, we can write the best claims in view of the prior
        art, which saves valuable time in patent procurement, in addition to
        significant amounts of money.  i've done searches 23 years and
        typically find about half of the inventions presented to me already in
        the prior art via a search.  patent searches are important so
        one does not expend resources (time & money) trying to patent something that's not
        patentable.  yes, you can find people on the internet who claim to
        do a "patent search" for $300, but i would have doubts about
        the value of such a search.  a decent search should run about $650
        on the lower end, depending on the field of technology.
one thing i am not, is a web
        designer.  i hope you excuse the appearance of this site, and hope
        my message has come through.
my master's
        degree is in technology commercialization from ut austin. you benefit
        with me - i cannot help but consider commercialization issues in every
        case i see and these considerations usually alter the course of business
        decision-making, saving you time and money.
please click the
        blue boxes above and left for info on that topic.   due to
        economic inflation, the pto fees information may not always be up to
        date.
ask
        about flat-rate fees, no hourly billing fees.  this
        means that you know what you're getting into up-front costwise, and
        won't be surprised with recurring bills.  once i know the nature
        and complexity of your invention, i provide a price quote that i do not
        deviate from.  i will definitely save you money over other
        providers of patent services while delivering high-quality in a fast
        time frame.  
skype
        id is:   chris.whewell1

please do not email me any
        confidential information. 
        please phone me first at (512) 756-7567

simple invention ?  inventors
        frequently state "my invention is very simple."   if
        you would like to see an example of what a patent application on a
        "simple" device looks like , then click
        here to view or download a sample patent application i wrote on a
        simple invention.

    
             



us
              patent search      i have
              over 
              20 years of hands-on patent searching experience.  i can
              provide:
* a formal written search report;
              * copies of all relevant patents found;
* if the invention appears patentable, then a detailed cost
              and timeline breakdown of what i would expect you should expect to
              pay to obtain a patent on the invention.



 



if you have a good enough
              invention that you will make money selling it, others will definitely
              copy it.  the patent laws were designed to protect inventors
              by providing a limited monopoly on your invention so that only
              you can profit from your labors, if you take proper full
              advantage of the law.

transmission overdrive

click on the links above and at the left for good
              information.









provisional,
                    utility, or design patent applications - whatever
                    route you choose, i'm with you every step of the way 
                    until the day we either receive the patent grant, or we
                    abandon all hope.   
 





"value-minded
                    inventors will recognize our affordable rates and quick
                    service as a smart business use of resources.  
                    preparation of a utility patent application for as low as $
                    3000 ? yes, it is possible in some of the simpler cases.


































personalized
                    service
                    i'm expedient, responsive, pragmatic, friendly, and
                    highly-effective.   






consultation
get a first or second
                    opinion or let's perhaps discuss strategic options. 
                    i've not had a dis-satisfied client in 20 years.  
protect
                    yourself !!!
you should consult with a
                    professional patent practitioner before making any
                    disclosures of your invention to anyone, to avoid forfeiting
                    or waiving your rights.  i have seen many inventors
                    make mistakes by acts and omissions they made prior to
                    seeking advice.  don't be in that crowd.  it
                    really is worth the little money you would spend in seeking
                    advice.









 
              
email link below:
  chrisw@patentsearcher.com
thank you for visiting,
              yours very truly,
chris whewell, m.s.,
              & us patent office reg # 37,469

              tel. (512) 756-7567

important notice:
  use of this
              website will not establish an attorney-client, agent-client, or
              other commercial relationship. 
               no representations or warranties are made with
              respect to any of the information contained within this website,
              and particularly in reference to its accuracy or suitability for
              any purpose.  the
              material contained within this website and its links is for
              general information purposes only, and shall not be construed as
              legal advice; nor should it be relied upon in place of seeking
              legal advice relative to your individual situation from a
              qualified patent practitioner or counsel.   


since the law
              is always evolving, the information contained within this website
              may not always be current with the most recent changes.  
              feel free to send comments or questions by phone or e-mail
              but please do not send confidential information in any initial
              contact.


 


copyright 1998 - 2013 by western patent group
 






 




 





 

