









ada member advantage | ada member advantage

















skip to main content











renew
smilecon
store
join
login
ada.org

















endorsed programs                                



review process                                



resources                                        


financial foundations for the new dentist
culture of safety
maximizing credit card rewards




subscribe                                



sample action





 search 





 



































 
ada member advantagesave time and money with top-quality products and services for your practice and personal life, exclusively for ada members. 





 
proven products, great valuessavings and total quality assurance, thanks to rigorous evaluation by practicing dentists and other ada experts.see all offers 

featured offers

payroll built by expertsonpay offers full-service payroll for dentists. ada members get the first 3 months free!*


make the switchsave an average of $ 6,671/year on credit card processing fees with best card.


credit cards designed for dentiststwo cards, unlimited possibilities. earn rewards for business and personal expenses with ada visa.


make compliance a breezeget hipaa & osha compliant with compliancy group. save 15% with live support and coaching.


upgrade your wheelsmember savings start at $500 toward the purchase or lease of a new mercedes-benz vehicle.**


work and home appliancesupdating a kitchen or break room? ada members get special savings on select ge appliances.


essential office suppliesodp is your go-to for office supplies. save up to 75% & get free next business day delivery.


save on premium techwork smarter with lenovo. members save with monthly specials and free shipping.


add variety to your workoutsada members get 10% off in-person class packages & access to the classpass digital library.




questions? need help? ask andreacall 800-232-2308 monday through friday, 8:30 a.m. to 5 p.m. central time or email adamemberadvantage@ada.org.ask andrea 



proven products and serviceslearn about what makes ada member advantage products and services special. 






onpay three months free terms and conditions:
*terms and conditions apply. see website for details.
mercedes-benz disclosure:
**fleet incentives available only for qualified customers on certain my24 and my25 mercedes-benz models. not all engine variants are eligible for fleet incentives. please confirm with dealership if chosen vehicle is eligible for fleet incentives at the time of purchase. incentive must be used at time of purchase/lease. incentives vary based on vehicle model as indicated. eligible person must be the buyer/co-buyer or lessee/co-lessee. star accesssm incentives cannot be used in conjunction with diplomat, european delivery, special demos, certificate programs, mercedes-benz incentive bonus cash and other fleet programs, or non-u.s. specification vehicles. incentive amounts are subject to change on a monthly basis and should be confirmed with your dealer at the time of transaction. amount of actual savings may vary depending on model selected.













 


















ada member advantage


endorsed programs
review process
culture of safety
subscribe



member quicklinks


ada store
travel benefits



contact


 chat now
 contact us
 800-ada-2308
















accessibility
privacy notice
terms of use


© 2025 ada business enterprises, inc. d/b/a ada member advantage is a wholly-owned subsidiary of the american dental association.











 

