








friends of liberia - friends of liberia













































































 



skip to content















  


search for:








homeaboutmissionboard membershistorystrategic planbylawspress contactsreportslegalprivacy policyterms & conditionsirs form 990join uspast eventsmembershipprogramssmall grantsfamily literacy initiativehealthblogupcoming eventspast eventsmember newsdonatedonationslegacy circlelinksanthology 


search for:








homeaboutmissionboard membershistorystrategic planbylawspress contactsreportslegalprivacy policyterms & conditionsirs form 990join uspast eventsmembershipprogramssmall grantsfamily literacy initiativehealthblogupcoming eventspast eventsmember newsdonatedonationslegacy circlelinksanthologyhomeaboutmissionboard membershistorystrategic planbylawspress contactsreportslegalprivacy policyterms & conditionsirs form 990join uspast eventsmembershipprogramssmall grantsfamily literacy initiativehealthblogupcoming eventspast eventsmember newsdonatedonationslegacy circlelinksanthology 












loading...







small grants 


join us












supporting the future 


join us












health programs 


join us












fol wins 2023 npca ruppe award for outstanding community service! 



this anthology is a great contributor to fol's outreach, and would make a super gift to anyone with interest in other cultures. see our anthology tab! 


join us












adult literacy 


join us












the hippy home visitors program 


join us















home pagefol_admin2024-02-05t21:06:44-05:00 

returned peace corps volunteers started fol as a non-profit in 1985, and we now proudly include liberians, diplomats, missionaries, academics, development workers, and others committed to liberia.
we share our experiences in social and outreach events, advocate for shared values, and sponsor programs that advance liberian aspirations.  all who support our mission are invited to become members.
programs


we are proud of our comprehensive programs to support liberians in many ways.
we make small grants to registered non-profit ngos operating in liberia to support and conduct sustainable programs in vocational training and special education, public health initiatives, environmental improvement, psychosocial support systems for vulnerable groups, and are open to other initiatives from ngos that can demonstrate impact.  you can learn more about small grants here.
the family literacy initiative recognizes that parents are a child’s first teacher.  this program sponsors in-home multi-year techniques to raise the literacy level of all family members, from preschool to adult. you can learn more about the family literacy initiative here. 
our health program helped community-based clinics and organizations cope with the covid-19 pandemic, as it had done earlier with the ebola outbreak. we sponsor professional workshops led by our liberian health team for faculty members and administrators from schools of nursing and midwifery programs to update areas of medical knowledge and teaching competency. you can learn more about the health program here. 


affiliate

 


 
 





 
seeking to positively affect liberia by supporting education, social, economic and humanitarian programs

sally zelonis, acting treasurer
friends of liberia, inc.
40 s third st.
zionsville, in  46077
treasurer@fol.org




 


search for:








 


recent updates from fol


video on peace corps group 1 in liberia


workshop on legacy giving and the friends of liberia, august 7, 2024


friends of liberia membership townhall meeting, july 28, 2024


lsa member pailey wins 2023 pius adesanmi book award


anthology wins ruppe award


 

———- get involved ———- find out more
 
president's message
 
get email news
 
donate
 

 
 
 





		copyright 2025 friends of liberia	

 
 
 
 
 
 
page load link







manage cookie consent






we use cookies to optimize our website and our service.





functional



functional

								always active							






the technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network.





preferences


preferences







the technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user.





statistics


statistics







the technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes.
the technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your internet service provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you.





marketing


marketing







the technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes.





manage options
manage services
manage {vendor_count} vendors
read more about these purposes



accept
deny
view preferences
save preferences
view preferences


{title}
{title}
{title}



manage consent
 


























go to top




