












































materials science and engineering















          skip to main content
        

          skip to secondary navigation
        

stanford university (link is external)







stanford

 
materials science and engineering





search this site

submit search



menu
homeacademics & admissionsundergraduate programmajorfocus areahonorsminorhow to declarepreparing to graduatepetitions and deviationsapproved soe breadth coursesundergraduate admissionscoterminal masterscoterm admissionsmaster’s programmaster’s admissionsengineer degreedoctoral programphd admissionsprogram requirementscourse offeringsfinancial aid informationwhat will you do with a stanford mse degree?knight-hennessy scholarsstudent services officeadmissions faqresearch & impactresearch overviewbiomaterials and bio-interfaceselectronic, magnetic & photonic materialsmaterials computation, theory & designmaterials for sustainabilitymechanical behavior & structural materialsnovel characterization methodsnovel synthesis & fabrication methodssoft matter & hybrid materialslabs & centersbio-xgeballe laboratory for advanced materialsnanoscale prototyping laboratorypulse institute for ultrafast energy sciencestanford center for cancer nanotechnology excellencestanford nanocharacterization laboratorystanford nanofabrication facilitystanford photonics research centerstanford synchrotron radiation laboratoryundergraduate research2025 matsci reu program2025 matsci reu research projects2024-2025 matsci undergraduate research grantsour culturewelcome from the chairdepartment overviewwilliam d. nix lecture seriesdiversity, equity, and inclusionadditional resources within stanford universitystay involvedgiveinformation for alumninewslettersstudent organizationsstories & voicesvisiteventscontact uspeoplenewseventsjobs



     materials science and engineering
    



















 



















we provide the materials needed for unimpeded progress in a wide range of technologies.


            meet the faculty
          












main content start



 



research & ideas
research the infinitesimally small to achieve breakthroughs of global significance.





 









 















  researchers illuminate inner workings of new-age soft semiconductors



        october 3, 2024
      

        materials scientists are for the first time exploring the microstructure of promising soft semiconductors that could lead to new-generation electronics.
      
electronic, magnetic & photonic materialssoft matter & hybrid materials














 















  kalee rozylowicz and tri nguyen were recipients of 2024 community impact award



        june 6, 2024
      

        the stanford alumni association's community impact award honors graduate students who enhance the community through leadership, event creation, or unique contributions.
      
awards & recognition




other news










 















  haoxue yan announced winner of the lloyd w. dinkelspiel award



        june 12, 2024
      

        the lloyd w. dinkelspiel award recognizes distinctive and exceptional contributions to undergraduate education or the quality of student life.
      
awards & recognition









 










department of materials science and engineering
william d. nix lecture video - february 5, 2024


            learn more about the nix lecture series
          








 



the mse experience | stories & voices
learn more about stanford materials science and engineering from our community.





 








 





leora dresselhaus-marais
assistant professor of materials science and engineering and of photon science

“




            i cannot think of a place that is better in this world for my research than stanford.
      ... ”

read leora’s story








 








 





karsu ipek kilic
student, phd candidate, mechanical engineering

“




            engineering is my priority but i’m happy i have other things in my life.
      ... ”

read their story


explore more stories







 








 





amnahir peña-alcántara
phd student, materials science and engineering

“




            when i was a kid, i went to my older brother’s lego league practices all the time. that’s really wher

      ... ”

read their story


explore more stories







 








 



















materials science and engineering | academics & admissions


            learn more
          









 








 



















our faculty and students research the infinitesimally small to achieve breakthroughs of global significance.


            our culture
          









 






 














why stanford mse?
stanford’s department of materials science and engineering (mse) focuses on the structures and properties of nanoscale components. this exciting area of engineering informs the direction of the curriculum.


            read more
          










 














mse latest news & updates
materials science and engineering (mse) faculty and student research spans from the infinitesimally small to the macroscopic scale to achieve breakthroughs of global significance. explore more exciting news here.


            read more
          










 














stanford academic calendar, 2022-23
due to the ongoing covid-19 pandemic, academic dates and deadlines published here may differ from the practices of previous year and they are subject to change. 


            read more
          








 



welcome from the chair

 



it is one of our top goals to continue to attract the best and brightest students from the u.s. and around the world. we feel that the mixture of a core curriculum in materials science and engineering fundamentals and leading-edge independent research is exceptional preparation for future scientists and engineers.
join us





 






mse stands in solidarity with the black community
black lives matter.
to leave anonymous feedback for the taskforce, click here.

          mse dei initiative
        










important links & information
covid19 resources for the stanford community















    back to top
  







resources for current  and prospective students




for prospective students
for current students

intranet












stanford

 
engineering




        web login
      



address

william f. durand building
496 lomita mall, suite 102
stanford, ca 94305
united states



contact us






facebook





instagram





twitter





linkedin





youtube






links to


news


events


give




quick links


applied physics


bioengineering


chemistry


chemical engineering


physics


precourt institute for energy


slac













stanforduniversity (link is external)





stanford home (link is external)

maps & directions (link is external)

search stanford (link is external)

emergency info (link is external)



terms of use (link is external)

privacy (link is external)

copyright (link is external)

trademarks (link is external)

non-discrimination (link is external)

accessibility (link is external)




© stanford university.
  stanford, california 94305.



 






