















college of engineering | villanova university

























skip to main content









visit / apply / give










x
menu


visit / apply / give









main menu






about


university leadership


mission & ministry


diversity, equity and inclusion


fast facts




admissions


undergraduate


graduate and adult


law


financial aid




academics


why villanova


teacher-scholars


schools & colleges


institutes & centers


honors


education abroad


academic programs


academic calendar




research


research at villanova


center for research & fellowships


villanova institute for research & scholarship


research administration




libraries


falvey library


law library




campus life


student life


dining services


residence life


bookstore


public safety


health services


fitness & recreation




athletics


alumni


a powerful network


support villanova









in this sectionengineering programsadmissionsvillanova engineering experiencefaculty and researchabout us




events

















x

search vu


















college of engineering






 apply to engineering




































college of


engineering



























introducing drosdick hall







a world-class facility designed to match a world-class education, the new home of the college of engineering furthers villanova’s commitment to igniting change through interdisciplinary research and innovative teaching and learning.
learn more.












explore your options




departments
four academic departments are home to undergraduate and graduate programs and 70+ full-time faculty.
more




research
faculty and students engage in research in 7 centers of excellence and several specialty areas. 
more




bachelor's
pursue your bs or 5-year bs/ms in chemical, civil, computer, electrical or mechanical engineering.
more




master's
advance your career with one of 9 part-time or full-time grad programs—available on campus or online.
more




doctoral 
our distinctive phd program educates highly qualified scholars for academia, industry and government.
more




certificate
earn your graduate certificate in one of 15+ programs; most can be completed entirely online.
more














the villanova engineering experience














engineering entrepreneurship










career readiness










dean michele marcolongo










undergraduate outcomes










research opportunities










graduate options










humanitarian engineering







  



























engineering at a glance



98.2%
successful undergraduate placement rate







    
          
    
    


90%
who want an internship have at least one







    
          
    
    


483
graduate students







    
          
    
    


88%
of master's students graduate within 3 years







    
          
    
    


35%
female engineering undergraduates







    
          
    
    


93.3%
freshman-to-sophomore retention rate







    
          
    
    













changemakers










							    
							        
							        
							            a standout among student veterans and villanovans
							        
							    
							    

							  like many 18-year-olds, los angeles native mark griego ’23 cpe recalls how he lacked motivation and direction as a new college student. after a stint in the marine corps and earning an associate’s degree at community college, mark is now demonstrating impressive leadership skills as an undergraduate computer engineering major and mentor to other veterans at villanova. he’s also the university’s campus representative for next step inbound, through which he advises veterans who are considering applying to villanova.
							  
							  
 












 



							    
							        
							        
							            leading civilians at lakehurst
							        
							    
							    

							  when kathleen donnelly ’84 che joined nawcad—the naval air warfare center aircraft division—in lakehurst, nj, as a general engineer in 1984, she intended to stay 3 to 5 years. more than 35 years later she serves as executive director responsible for lakehurst’s 1,800 civilian personnel and budgets exceeding $1b. their mission: to infuse modern technology across the entire spectrum of equipment needed to launch, land and maintain aircraft from ships at sea.
							  
							  
 












 



							    
							        
							        
							            a woman of influence in engineering
							        
							    
							    

							  colleen zagar ’12 ce began her engineering career with turner construction in new york city in 2012, where she worked as an engineer and superintendent on the whitney museum. in 2019, she relocated to turner’s san diego office, where, in addition to her role as a senior project engineer, she is a member of the planning committee of the company’s professional women’s group and serves as the office’s lead trainer. the san diego business journal named her among its “women of influence in engineering 2021.”
							  
							  
 












 



							    
							        
							        
							            creating and commercializing new technologies
							        
							    
							    

							  after four years of impressive activities and accomplishments at villanova—including top prize in the villanova student entrepreneurship competition—gus jenkins ’16 me earned master’s degrees in electrical and computer engineering and engineering & technology innovation management at carnegie mellon university where he was named a james r. swartz entrepreneurial fellow. while considering his next startup venture, jenkins is working as a software engineer for shipbob, inc. a “unicorn” in the ecommerce logistics provider industry.
							  
							  
 












 



							    
							        
							        
							            bringing a sustainable future to peru
							        
							    
							    

							  peru native and fulbright scholar hector cuadros-rojas ’15 msse spent seven months in the u.s. learning english and two years earning his master’s in sustainable engineering. he then returned home to teach civil engineering, while also serving as translator and mentor to five faculty at universidad católica de trujillo who are pursuing their villanova sustainable engineering degrees. meanwhile, cuadros is continuing his own studies through villanova engineering’s doctoral program in which he is focusing his research on natural, sustainable materials for building structures. 
							  
							  
 












 






















meet our faculty













advancing integrated circuit design

 






igniting a passion for civil engineering

 






characterizing nanomaterials

 






investigating heterogenous catalysis

 






engineering a glass bridge

 

















		  faculty directory  













engineering news
















sofia nicastro ’25 che shares her perspective on the world of synthetic biology
the newly introduced elective, led by visiting assistant teaching professor justin vento, phd, is held in the cutting-edge gary a. gabriele lab located in drosdick hall.





february 6, 2025




share  


more  >

























villanova engineering professor contributes to glass bridge featured at corning museum of glass
spanning 10 meters long and made up of 124 hollow glass units crafted for efficiency and durability, glass bridge represents a vision for a more sustainable future.





january 28, 2025




share  


more  >

























villanova engineering professor and graduate student awarded patent for fault detection and diagnostics system

c. nataraj, phd, moritz endowed professor of engineered systems, and turki haj mohamad ’21 phd have been awarded a patent for the development of a fault detection system that provides a software-based method for diagnosing the nature and magnitude of faults within dynamic mechanical and electrical systems.





january 14, 2025




share  


more  >

























sridhar santhanam, phd, named vice dean of college of engineering
in this newly created role, dr. santhanam, a professor of mechanical engineering, will facilitate college operations and work closely with the leadership team of associate deans, external relations, and strategic initiatives, while helping to support college-level academic programs. 





january 13, 2025




share  


more  >

























villanova professor investigates impacts of hurricanes on florida coast
jonathan hubler, phd, assistant professor of civil and environmental engineering, along with graduate student sarah burghardt, traveled to florida with a joint team from the nearshore extreme events reconnaissance (neer) association and the geotechnical extreme events reconnaissance (geer) association to investigate the immediate aftereffects of hurricanes milton and helene.





january 6, 2025




share  


more  >













		  engineering news and events  



























connect with vu














  800 e. lancaster ave. villanova, pa 19085
			
 contact us 610-519-4500





quick links

privacy & security
notice of non-discrimination
higher education act
accessibility
my nova
directory
work at villanova


©1990 -  villanova university. all rights reserved.
					













