



kauai vacation homes - luxury vacation rentals

















homes
experiences
sustainability



things to know
blog










homes
experiences
sustainability
things to know
blog





loading video...



	luxury vacations for the conscious traveler • kaua’i, hawai’i



reconnect with
your true nature


		from eco-friendly vacation homes to curated island experiences, mana kaua'i provides everything you need to immerse yourself in the raw beauty of kaua'i while restoring balance and well-being
	

		mana: life force or spiritual energy that flows through all things
	






				nestled on cliffsides
				lush jungle views
				ocean waves crashing in your backyard
			

select your dream rental



				feast on local treats
				catch a wave or two
				unwind with in-home treatments
			


				feast on local treats
				catch a wave or two
				unwind with in-home treatments
			
contact us • book now






at mana kaua'i, we are deeply committed to sharing the richness of our island while minimizing the footprint of your visit.

		

		ohana-owned and operated for 20 years, we provide a heartfelt, personalized approach to every visit, offering one-of-a-kind guest experiences while maintaining a sense of care for this sacred land and preservaton of the hawaiian culture.

		

		sustainability is integral to the mana experience. from the way we service our homes, to the plans we curate on the island, every visit is designed to be gentle on our land. we invite you to carry the same consciousness as you explore and when you head home.

		
learn more





living lightly,
with ease



		sustainability is integral to the mana experience. from the way we service our homes, to the plans we curate on the island, every visit is designed to be gentle for the island and the planet. we hope to inspire you to carry the same consciousness around the island and when you head home
	


explore our complete sustainability philosophy




testimonials









					umetsu cottage was perfect! the oversized lanai was dreamy with gorgeous views of the mountains rains off to the side. we enjoyed every meal out there. unfortunately for us, this turned into a working trip but the entire time we repeated to each other how glad we were to have such a peaceful and beautiful place to work from. the cottage had everything we needed. from start to finish holly was so accommodating and a pleasure to work with. 
sharon, september 2021


					mana kaua'i, once kaua'i island vacations, has served our growing family for years. their excellent communication and their active work in making their homes offer top notch eco conscious products makes them stand alone in this business. by providing eco amenities they allow us to travel to the islands without any extra effort on our part. we are very conscious of the environment at home but it's enough to wrangle the kids while traveling. 
p preksto, october 2022


					holo makani: my adult daughter and i came here to rest and heal and we couldn't be happier! we slept, cooked delicious meals in the glorious kitchen and went for leisurely strolls on the beach. we were totally supported by joanne and her staff... oh my...i am already thinking about when and how i can return... can't imagine staying any where else on the island. the views are spectacular and the entire experience profoundly peaceful and healing.
caroline, february 2020




book now



a note from holly

“kaua'i nourishes your soul with her hawaiian culture, her raw untamed authenticity, and her healing waters. her powerful nature teaches us respect. experience the island with all of your senses; learn from her people how to live more sustainably and soak up her spirit of aloha. it will transform you into a more true, vibrant version of yourself.”





our complete services


			unique and luxurious
			vacation rentals
		


				stewardship for the
				luxury homeowner
			


			eco-forward real
			estate brokerage
		





		mana • life force or spiritual energy that flows though all things
	





			join our community to learn more about our homes, curated experiences, and stories from the island
		







contact us
•
policies & insurance




			copyright © 2025 mana kauai island vacations •all rights reserved
		








