














































woodworking machines and systems - weinig asia














































welcome to michael weinig (asia) – 

machines and systems for solid wood 

and panel processing.














welcome to michael weinig (asia) – 

machines and systems for solid wood 

and panel processing.














welcome to michael weinig (asia) –
















start search





weinig group










                     
                

productsrip sawsunirip seriesvariorip seriesprofirip seriesflexirip seriesband resawsvariosplit 900profisplit 1100powersplit 1250planers and moulderscube plusunimat seriespowermat serieshydromat serieswide planing seriestool grindersrondamat seriesweinig system plusscanner systemscombiscan senseeasyscan smarteasyscan rteasyscan / easyscan liteescanundertable cross-cut sawsoptimizing cross-cut sawsopticut 200 seriesopticut 450 seriesoptimizing cross-cut saws with positioning pusheropticut s 90 seriesfinger jointing linesshort wood linesconstruction timber systemscompact systemssingle panel linesthrough-feed pressgluing pressesprofipress l ii seriesprofipress l-seriesprofipress t-seriesprofipress c-seriescnc processing centervario mc 50conturex processing centerconturex system linescnc milling, drilling and dowel centerunipintoolsconventional toolshydro-toolspowerlockjointing technologyaccessoriessystem solutionsprocessing procedureswidth cuttingcutting / gluing with weinigwidth cuttinguniversal cuttingscanner technologycross-cuttinggluingprofiling with weinigplaning and profilingjointing with weinigfinger-jointingjointing technologywindow / cnc technology with weinigwindow and door productionfurniture and single-part productionweinig asia




newslatest newsnews archivetrade fairscurrent trade fairstrade fair calendarpress releasespress releasespress photoscompanycompany profilelocationreferencescareerscareersvacanciesservice asia




weinig group service - always there for youyour service contact partnersservice offeringstechnical hotlineon-site servicespare parts servicemaintenance and inspectiononline supportfault reportingservice engineer requestnewsletterremote serviceapp suiteweinig service appspecial offers and sales




weinig group service - always there for youservice offeringstechnical hotlineon-site servicespare parts servicemaintenance and inspectiononline supportfault reportingservice engineer requestnewsletterremote serviceapp suiteweinig service appcontact









contactyour local contact partnersformsyour requestcall-back requesttechnician requestfault reporting
























cutting / gluing









profiling









jointing technology









window / cnc technology









used machines









panel processing




























latest news







        
                11/14/2024
            


	


				successful launch of an international industry event - the weinig “window and cnc summit”
		



the weinig window and cnc summit has created a platform that has established itself as a leading industry event in europe and sustainably promotes the...

        more
    






        
                07/31/2024
            


	


				change of management at holz-her from  july 1, 2024
		



frank epple hands over the management of holz-her gmbh to robert terzer.

        more
    






        
                03/26/2024
            


	


				holz-handwerk 2024 highly successful for weinig
		



many customers from germany, switzerland, austria, france and eastern europe, numerous intensive technical discussions on each day of the trade fair,...

        more
    






        
                03/21/2024
            


	


				weinig highlights at holz-handwerk 2024
		



this year, weinig will once again be presenting a remarkable range of innovative machines at holz-handwerk 2024.

        more
    






        
                03/21/2024
            


	


				setting new standards: holz-her presents epicon 7245 at holz-handwerk
		



at this year's holz-handwerk, holz-her presented a diverse range of machines from the fields of cnc processing, edge banding, cutting and nesting....

        more
    






        
                03/19/2024
            


	


				weinig takes over grinding machine portfolio from stähle-hess
		



the contracts were signed shortly before holz-handwerk 2024: weinig has taken over the grinding machine portfolio of stähle-hess gmbh (reutlingen).

        more
    






        
                01/23/2024
            


	


				shaping the future together - holz-handwerk 2024
		



the weinig group defies industry trends and presents groundbreaking innovations at holz-handwerk 2024 in nuremberg!

        more
    






        
                07/17/2023
            


	


				weinig acquires shares in essetre
		



expansion of the strategic alliance to foster the cooperation between the two companies.

 

        more
    






        
                06/05/2023
            


	


				weinig shows its potential at ligna 2023
		



the weinig group is satisfied with the results of the world’s leading trade fair for the industry in hanover. the weinig and holz-her brands met with...

        more
    






        
                06/05/2023
            


	


				weinig vertrieb und service gmbh & co. kg expands its corporate management
		



mr. michael bock has been appointed as a further managing director of weinig vertrieb und service gmbh & co. kg (wvsg) with effect from 1 april 2023. ...

        more
    











current fairs







        
                06.03. - 09.03.2025
            


	


				indiawood
		



delhi, india

        more
    






        
                26.05. – 30.05.2025
            


	


				ligna 2025
		



hanover, germany

hall 27

        more
    









facebooklinkedin{$socialnav.titles.instagram}{$socialnav.titles.youtube}

















weinig offers more - for width/length cutting, scanner technology, optimization or glue pressing. let's take efficiency for example.













we have the following cutting/gluing solutions:solutions for profitable cutting: rip sawsfeed speed of up to 150 m/min: band resawseverything at a glance: scanner systemsfast and safe fixed-length cutting: undertable cross-cut sawsthe manufacturing procedure of the future: gluing pressescutting/gluing with weinig -find out more now


















planing and profiling with weinig gives you four sides as smooth as glass and every possible profile - in a single pass.













straightening of the bottom side and of the right side, planing to width and thickness and profiling too - one machine that can do it all and in a single operation. with solutions for all types of production and all operating sizes, from a small entry-level model to maximum capacity, high performance systems.

planing and profiling with weinig – find out more now


















jointing technology with weinig transforms your residual wood into a valuable high-end product - for finger jointing, length and width profiling.













the specific use of modules makes standard and customized solutions possible for finger jointing lines with different wood timber ingoing:feed rate of 6 to 70 m/min: short wood linesfeed rate of up to 120 m/min: constructional timber linesfeed rate of up to 160 (200) m/min: single board linesfeed rate of up to 160 (200) m/min: through-feed pressesall work procedures in one setup: compact lineslength and width profiling in through-feed: double-end tenonersjointing technology with weinig -find out more now


















windows, doors, facades, conservatories, furniture and much more – weinig cnc machining center has the right solution for every requirement.













for both trade and industry – our huge portfolio of machining sets, mechanization versions and software solutions will meet every requirement. all machines can also be individually fitted to suit your application and service requirements. this includes the development of turnkey solutions.

window / cnc technology with weinig - find out more now


















used machines from the world market leader













the used machine market is highly competitive but fraught with danger for the unwary. the standards to which machines are serviced, overhauled or reconditioned vary hugely and you don't always get what you expect and pay for with little recourse if things go wrong.


















holzher - woodworking machines for panel processing; edgebander, cnc router and machining center, beam saw, vertical panel saw













the perfection of wood and plastic processing is our passion. holz-her places a great deal of value on providing above-average performance in all areas, looking ahead to the future, achieving continuity and consistency in development and design and perfecting production, as well as providing in-depth sales and service advice. wherever professionals work precisely and efficiently with panel materials around the globe, machines from holz-her are present, offering reliable performance day after day.
go to holz-her asia 
















© michael weinig ag | weinigstraße 2/4 | 97941 tauberbischofsheim | germany | telephone: +49 9341 860





homeimprintdata protectiongtcsite map






























do you speak english?
dear visitor,
we recommend using a different version of our website for your location and language setting.
please click on the arrow, if you would like to switch to the recommended version.

weinig group website, english

close




