 





 



 






ncrpc - advancing rural kansas through comprehensive planning and development services






























































 



↓ skip to main content










search for:








homeabout

service areaabout the regionreportsboardstaffhistoryaffiliates
services





community planning & development 


weatherization assistance 


business finance program 
 




housing

ncrpc housing initiativedemolition pilot program currently available in logan, ottawa, phillips and sherman countieshome ownership program 
 


homeland security – fiscal agent 


information technology 
 

resources

fundingbil resources – north central regionfree trainings for businesses and non-profitsresearch toolslocal partnerscommunity resourcesland bank resources
procurement

homeland security program current procurementprocurement policiesrequest for proposalsrequest for quotesweatherization bids
news

newslettersubscribeeventsemploymentblogrural voices youth contestlifetime public service awardleadership training sponsorship
contact









			welcome to the ncrpc		
the north central regional planning commission (ncrpc) is committed to advancing rural kansas through comprehensive planning and development services. we provide multiple services to our core planning area in north central kansas in addition to contracted administration of various programs for state agencies across kansas. contact us to discuss how we can partner with you.










 
 
lead-safe work practices training 



 
 
cdbg-cvr grants 



 
 
kansas housing cooperative program 



 
 
ncrpc housing initiative 



 
 
project examples 



 
 
contractor opportunities 

















 what we do
we have helped members access millions in funding for a variety of projects having impact in north central kansas and beyond. explore our focus areas and learn about our services. »





get the latest
subscribe to our quarterly newsletter for stories, news, and information on topics that matter to the region. check out our blog for some of the latest updates. »



submit a project
does your community have a project idea or need? if you are ready to begin transforming your idea into a fundable project, completing the project intake form is a good first step.  »



 
﻿











 





north central regional planning commission | 109 n. mill street po box 565 | beloit, kansas | 67420 | phone: 785-738-2218




privacy policy







			© 2025
				ncrpc			


↑


ncrpc is an equal opportunity service provider, employer, and lender.










































