









minnesota watercolor society






























 




skip to content









minnesota watercolor society











 




menu

home
about

history
board members
past presidents
bylaws
signature members


meetings
workshops
exhibitions

current prospectus
spring exhibition
fall exhibition
id label
mnws paypal


members

websites
classes


newsletter
resources
join
 













january demo artist andy evansen


zoom only
january 9th 7:00 pm











2025 spring show reflections


registration is closed



read more









february demo artist - keiko tanabe 


zoom meeting february 13th, 7 pm











spring 2025 workshop plein air with andy evansen


may 7-9


registration is open











 

monthly programs are offered both in-person and zoom. in-person meetings held at zeller studio, 1421 mainstreet hopkins the second thursday of the month. 
look for updates here, on the mnws facebook page, and your email. click on the link to our youtube page where our last four monthly program demonstrations are available to view.
thanks, 
susan chambers, president mnws

join or renew now


 

important notice: beware of scam emails

we have been informed of fraudulent emails circulating claiming to be from us, or members of our executive board asking individuals to make payments with a promise of reimbursement later. please be aware that these emails are not from us. we would never request such payments.
if you receive an email like this, do not respond or provide any personal information. if you feel concerned, report it to us immediately.

link to youtube







 

mnws mission to further the development of the watercolor artist by providing a supportive environment with education and exhibition opportunities and to promote public appreciation and greater visibility of the art.

mnws membership benefits 
access to a talented community of local artists
monthly meetings with live artists demos and mini shows
workshop opportunities with regional and national artists
juried member exhibition each spring
open member exhibition every fall
member announcements on our facebook page
access to our youtube page
membership newsletter mailing every 2 months

click here to join
 

 

upcoming mnws events13mar2025


march artist - brittney tough - zoom onlymarch demo: brittney tough demonstrates light and texture 7:00 pm to 8:30zoom onlymore information...
10apr202517may2025


mnws 2025 spring exhibition “reflections” - registration is closedmnws 2025 spring exhibition “reflections”  - registration is now open!minnetonka center for the artsmore information...
07 - 09may2025


mnws spring workshop plein air with andy evansenmnws spring workshop andy evansen 9:00 am to 4:00 pmandy's studiomore information...
see full event list 

 









follow mnws 



artist opportunities if you are an arts organization or an artist and wish to share something with our membership, please post it on our facebook page.  mnws will not distribute your information to our membership via email.

 

contact information general inquiries
info@minnesotawatercolors.com
webmaster
webmaster@minnesotawatercolors.com

 






copyright © 2025 minnesota watercolor society. all rights reserved. theme spacious by themegrill. powered by: wordpress. 





















