






nanticoke indian tribe – nanticoke indian tribe delaware
















































 














skip to content





























main menu 























(302) 945-3400
info@nanticokeindians.org









homelocations indian mission united methodist church nanticoke indian center nanticoke indian museumeventsnewsabout culture history services partnership indian’s twenty-third psalm legend of the dream catcher nanticoke flag photo gallery the tale of two wolves strategic planshop cart checkoutpowwow what is a powwow? why do we have powwows?leadershipcontactdonate








 













































 




events 
check out our latest nanticoke indian tribe events, including our annual powwow.
 
view all 
 











 




locations 
discover the nanticoke indian tribe at any of our three locations in delaware.
 
view all 
 











 




contact 
get in touch with us to learn more about the nanticoke indian association.
 
contact 
 

























nanticoke indian tribe discovery






native american history






"travels with darley: delaware revolutionary road trip"




























our history

learn more


 

















powwow

learn more


 

















our culture

learn more


 






















about






our mission statement











the mission of the nanticoke indian association (nia) is to enhance and promote the welfare of the nanticoke indian community and to raise awareness of american indian cultures in rural areas. the nia aims to foster understanding, respect, and preservation of the nanticoke indian tribe as an aboriginal/indigenous society through conservation, education, and cultural awareness programs.
























discover






news & updates












 








thanksgiving dinner held at the nanticoke indian center



article & photo by ted pfirrmann – cape gazette, november 23, 2023
indian mission united methodist church once again stepped up for a heartwarming and generous event this thanksgiving season.…
read more



 








capital funding – community center renovation



friday, april 2, 2021
the nanticoke indian association is embarking on an exciting new capital campaign and seeks your support.
make a tax deductible donation today!
read more



 








nanticoke indian tribe acquires land of their ancestors



wednesday, november 24, 2021: article excerpt & photo by: jon hurdle-delaware public media
a 31-acre cornfield on the edge of millsboro doesn’t look very different from any other piece of…
read more



 








senator tom carper meets with nanticoke indian tribe’s leadership



u.s. senator tom carper (d-de) made a special visit to meet with the newly appointed nanticoke chief, avery johnson, officers, and tribal members on friday, february 3, 2023. being a…
read more



 








business owners replace nanticoke indian museum roof



article & photo by: chris flood – cape gazette march 28, 2023
two brothers and local business owners have come together to replace the four-decade-old roof on the nanticoke indian…
read more



 








celebrating the legacy of sterling “earth keeper” street



during the heritage day celebration held on may 6, 2023, the nanticoke indian tribe honored sterling street who served as the curator of the museum for the past 13 years.…
read more



 








second local business helps out nanticoke indian association



alltemp air answers the call and installs commercial-grade dehumidifier at museum. article & photo by chris flood – cape gazette-may 26, 2023
looking to find ways to give back to the…
read more



 








university of delaware’s student leadership visitation to the nanticoke indian museum



the university of delaware has long been recognized as a leader in international education. exceptional college students from the middle east and north africa are nominated to participate by u.s.…
read more



 








nanticoke indians celebrate heritage month



article & photo by: ron macarthur – cape gazette, november 8, 2023.
 
the nanticoke indian association celebrated native american heritage month nov. 4, with a festival on the grounds…
read more



 








nanticoke indians look to double the size of community center



capital campaign ongoing, construction expected to begin in about six months. article & photo by chris flood – cape gazette – august 26, 2023
nanticoke indian association members may be in…
read more


































legend of the dream catcher






long ago when the world was young, an old lakota spiritual leader was on a high mountain and had a vision.
in his vision, iktomi, the great trickster and teacher of wisdom, appeared in the form of a spider.
iktomi spoke to him in a sacred language that only the spiritual leaders of the lakota could understand.







continue reading










 


























get involved






donate to the
nanticoke indian tribe












donate online




about the tribe


 



















connect with us













(302) 945-3400 














info@nanticokeindians.org 


























our locations













nanticoke indian center 















nanticoke indian museum
 














indian mission united methodist church 










additional resources






indian's twenty-third psalm
legend of the dream catcher
the tale of two wolves









online shop






my account
my cart
checkout











our partners









 

































































































































































© 2025 nanticoke indian tribe. all rights reserved.









designed by techno goober












 

 

















