





  




cruzio internet: wireless, fiber, broadband, colo, offices



























































































































skip to main content





cruzio internet 

contact us
member tools
account center
webmail 
 

search site...





get connected!

 

menu
skip to content

main menuinternetcoworkingcoworkingimage
offices and 9-5 memberships 

office space coworking


move your business to the best-connected office space in santa cruz. fully furnished & fiber-connected.

from $849/mogo



9-5 memberships coworking


join the coworking revolution! workspace, meeting rooms and free 1gbps (1,000mbps) wifi, every day of the week.

from $199/mo go
 
workstations and meetings /events 

workstationscoworking


dedicated, permanent desk space with lockable storage, power, and 1gbps (1,000mbps) fiber internet.

from $399/mo go



day pass coworking


no commitment. work for the day, or several days, for one low price

from $25/day go

24/7 memberships

24/7 memberships coworking


come & go as you please with full 24/7 keycard access and all the benefits of full membership.

from $249/mo go



meetings & events


the perfect venue for classes, high-tech events, community gatherings, and showcases of local talent.

from $15/hour go
enterpriseenterpriseimage
colocation 
colocation data center

state-of-the-art secure facilities, right here in santa cruz. fully-redundant fiber connectivity and power.
from $449/mo
go

dedicated 

dedicatedbroadband

robust. dedicated. scalable. infrastructure-grade bandwidth that’s always there when you need it.
up to 1+gbps from $499/mogo


all services

 
 
 
 







 








 real local folks. awesome local internet. enter your address to get started.








headlines


santa cruz sentinel
mercury news
cruzio blog
ny times
bbc world
santa cruz local
california local
slashdot

links


tastefood: beat the cold with this smoky, spicy stewit’s the time of year for slow cooking, which calls for hearty stews exuding warmth in heat and flavor. this s… russia and the us agree to work towards improving ties and ending the ukraine war in landmark talksby matthew lee, baraa anwer and dasha litvinova, associated press riyadh, saudi arabia (ap) — russia and the u… republicans consider cuts and work requirements for medicaid, jeopardizing care for millionsby amanda seitz, andrew demillo and kevin freking, associated press washington (ap) — republicans are weighing… sf giants’ top prospect eldridge aiming to make splash in first big league campscottsdale, ariz. — bryce eldridge hasn’t forgotten the first time he took batting practice at oracle park. ma… vatican cancels more holy year events as pope remains hospitalized with respiratory infectionrome (ap) — the vatican on tuesday canceled papal audiences through the weekend and delegated others to cover… history in san jose? record-setting celebrini? six burning sharks questions as season winds downsan jose — at some point late last season, david quinn figured that his job with the san jose sharks was as mu… schools around the us confront anxiety over trump’s actions on immigrationby moriah balingit, bianca vázquez toness and jocelyn gecker, associated press education writers in fresno, ca… leonard peltier to be released from prison following sentence commutation in fbi killingsby graham lee brewer, associated press indigenous activist leonard peltier is set to be released from a florid… social security head steps down over doge access of recipient information: sources sayby fatima hussein, associated press washington (ap) — the social security administration ‘s acting commissione… horoscopes feb. 18, 2025: molly ringwald, your tunnel vision will carry you to the finish linecelebrities born on this day: shane lyons, 37; molly ringwald, 57; john travolta, 71; yoko ono, 92. happy birt…  


amid controversy over burglary and facebook post, a meeting was called in antioch. now two of the men face a murder trialmartinez — it was a late night meeting, ostensibly to sort out an escalating pro… st. paddy’s day cheer can be found in saratogainner wheel is hosting a champagne brunch fundraiser sunday, feb. 23, at the sar… conservative southern california sheriff announces governor run in 2026riverside county sheriff chad bianco officially announced monday, feb. 17, that… tastefood: beat the cold with this smoky, spicy stewit’s the time of year for slow cooking, which calls for hearty stews exuding war… despite trump threats, here’s the reason the bay area may not see mass deportationspresident donald trump has threatened to deport millions of immigrants living in… hundreds of heating complaints reveal how controversial $50 million energy savings project has left mt. diablo schools in the coldconcord — krista miller can open an app to double check if her husband turned do… concord’s strict tenant protections spark controversy ahead of first annual reviewless than a year after concord adopted a hard-won residential tenant protection… sf giants’ top prospect eldridge aiming to make splash in first big league campscottsdale, ariz. — bryce eldridge hasn’t forgotten the first time he took batti… walters: allowing ‘too many cooks’ could spoil recovery from l.a. firesa proverb said to have arisen in 16th-century england postulates that “too many… history in san jose? record-setting celebrini? six burning sharks questions as season winds downsan jose — at some point late last season, david quinn figured that his job with…  


first friday at cruzio featuring liminal space!liminal space art collective is a group of santa cruz artists building bridges a… faster internet coming to coastside san mateoearlier this year, the state of california awarded cruzio $5.65 million to impro… 🎨 first friday at cruzioworks!🎨first friday at cruzioworks! get ready to immerse yourself in a vibrant evening… black-footed catsthis cat looks a little like cruzio internet’s logo black-footed cats can be fou… hidden fortress opens cafe at cruzioworksamelia and her staff are super friendly and they serve great food hidden fortres… cruzio got a grant. what that means for youcruzio’s independent network will be enhanced in the purple area — “from summits… cruzio rides the giant dipper (and more)at the end of june cruzio took a well-deserved break and visited the santa cruz… federal internet subsidies are gone — but we’re still helpingstudents benefit from good internet at a center in pajaro valley cruzio’s goal i… sclu takes the win at the memorial day surf contestthe santa cruz longboard union (sclu) takes the victory at the 38th annual memor… equal access in watsonville, camay is affordable housing month! tabasa gardens tabasa gardens housing complex o…  


6 living hostages will be released to israel this weekend, hamas saysthe militant group’s chief negotiator also said hamas would increase the number… hear how a ‘smash’ song got a broadway makeover“let me be your star,” which evokes an actor’s longing to shine, has come a long… as deadline for withdrawal lapses, israel says it will stay in southern lebanonisraeli forces pulled out of populated areas in southern lebanon, but retained c… u.s.-russia talks in saudi arabia set to go beyond ukrainethe two sides met in saudi arabia for their most extensive discussions in years…. a delta plane crashes in toronto, but tragedy is avertedall 80 people aboard delta flight 4819 survived a crash landing at a windy and s… c.i.a. expands secret drone flights over mexicothe covert program, begun during the biden administration and stepped up by pres… as a g.o.p. congressman takes aim at hochul, a democrat eyes his seatrepresentative mike lawler, republican of new york, is contemplating running for… judge dale ho faces demands to continue eric adams’s prosecutionjudge dale e. ho on tuesday set a hearing to consider the justice department’s r… trump cuts target next generation of scientists and public health leadersa core group of so-called disease detectives, who track outbreaks, was apparentl… alexander brothers face more lawsuits accusing them of sexual assaulttal alexander and oren alexander, once top real estate brokers, and their brothe…  


israeli troops stay inside south lebanon after withdrawal deadlinesoldiers will stay in five places around the border, israel says – a move condem… argentina's president milei denies crypto fraud allegationsjavier milei says he was acting in “good faith” when he posted about a crypto cu… japan to increase reliance on nuclear energy in post-fukushima shifta new energy plan cites growing demand from power-hungry ai data centres and sem… germany's tensions over immigration laid bare ahead of electionin the western city of oberhausen the bbc finds conflicting attitudes towards im… all passengers survive crash landing as plane flips at toronto airporteighteen of the 80 people on board were injured after the delta plane overturned… 'everyone must go': new zealand's tourism drive draws irewhat was meant as a catchy tagline has been dubbed tone-deaf amid high emigratio… 'died for stealing chocolate': pakistan anger over death of child maidpakistani police have filed murder charges against a couple who employed the 13-… 'i was just in a plane crash. oh my god': witnesses recount escape in torontowitnesses speak about the moment the plane they were flying in overturned in the… bus crash in bolivia kills at least 30 peoplethe driver likely lost control of the vehicle, causing it to plunge almost 800 m… watch: why european leaders held emergency ukraine summiteuropean leaders met at the elysee palace in paris on monday for an emergency su…  


senior speed dating draws hearts in live oakparticipants saddle up to the third annual senior speed dating event at grey bea… watsonville council members discuss rail trail optionswatsonville city councilmember eduardo montesino said he wants better transporta… capitola council delays decision on park avenue rail trail optionsthe capitola city council on thursday night delayed a decision on rail trail opt… high wind, rain, surf, slides due for santa cruz countyrain and high wind return to santa cruz county this week. (stephen baxter — sant… rail trail, traffic calming projects on tap for watsonville city councilthe watsonville city council on feb. 11 will hear an update on the city’s neighb… santa cruz wildfire plan aims to coordinate evacuations, water delivery, resourcesthe santa cruz city council could advance a comprehensive wildfire plan at its m… ‘a game changer’: more santa cruz county residents call 24-hour mobile crisis teama mobile crisis response team offers 24-hour, non-police response to mental heal… ‘forever chemicals’ prompt water upgrades at santa cruz county lockupelevated chemical levels in the water at the rountree jail facility near watsonv… bird flu risks described by santa cruz county health officialssanta cruz county health officers said bird flu has not shown up in the county,… president’s order casts uncertainty on santa cruz county rail trail moneythe rail corridor runs by twin lakes state beach near el dorado avenue. (nik alt…  


little santa cruz beats big sugarsc vice mayor shebreh kalantari-johnson on centering health in policy making, an… what does it mean when a wildfire is ‘contained?’ a brief guide to firefighting and fire prevention jargonwhat does it mean when firefighters call a fire “contained?” here’s a brief guid… creating a community information hubwith information scattered in silos across the internet, and the discovery envir… happy holidays. big news. and our first 'ask.'we are partnering with bay city news to do some big things. and we’re feeling gr… proposition 36, ab 2943 & 1179: california cracks down on crimecalifornians are fed up with flash-mob shoplifting, smash-and-grab theft, and an… the ups and downs of california damswe check in on efforts to raise some dams in the state to store more water, and… the trending stories of 2024over the past year, we’ve witnessed big changes throughout the state, and today… greetings from san benito countyin hollister, a nonprofit newsroom keeps local residents apprised of momentous c… rural california local news mattersin the shadow of silicon valley, and on california’s north coast, local news out… journalism has a platform problemin which we examine the current state of online news and information discovery a…  


former staffers say india's biggest it firm was gaming the us visa systemindia’s tata consultancy services allegedly manipulated u.s. visa programs by fa… free software foundation speaks up against red hat source code announcementpajamian writes: two years ago red hat announced an end to its public source cod… playstation veteran blames gaming industry slump on pandemic overexpansionformer playstation executive shuhei yoshida has attributed the current wave of v… xai releases its latest flagship model, grok 3xai has launched grok 3, the latest iteration of its large language model, along… sandisk puts petabyte ssds on the roadmapsandisk aims to produce petabyte-scale ssds through its new ultraqlc platform, t… nand flash prices plunge amid supply glut, factory output cutnand flash prices are expected to slide due to oversupply, forcing memory chipma… mexico threatens to sue google over gulf renamingmexico has threatened legal action against google after the tech company refused… when a lifetime subscription can save you money – and when it's riskyapps offering lifetime subscriptions may pose risks despite potential cost savin… chase will soon block zelle payments to sellers on social mediaan anonymous reader shares a report: jpmorgan chase bank (chase) will soon start… the 'white collar' recession is pummeling office workerswhite-collar workers are facing their deepest hiring slump in a decade, with one…  


little santa cruz beats big sugarsc vice mayor shebreh kalantari-johnson on centering health in policy making, an… what does it mean when a wildfire is ‘contained?’ a brief guide to firefighting and fire prevention jargonwhat does it mean when firefighters call a fire “contained?” here’s a brief guid… creating a community information hubwith information scattered in silos across the internet, and the discovery envir… happy holidays. big news. and our first 'ask.'we are partnering with bay city news to do some big things. and we’re feeling gr… proposition 36, ab 2943 & 1179: california cracks down on crimecalifornians are fed up with flash-mob shoplifting, smash-and-grab theft, and an… the ups and downs of california damswe check in on efforts to raise some dams in the state to store more water, and… the trending stories of 2024over the past year, we’ve witnessed big changes throughout the state, and today… greetings from san benito countyin hollister, a nonprofit newsroom keeps local residents apprised of momentous c… rural california local news mattersin the shadow of silicon valley, and on california’s north coast, local news out… journalism has a platform problemin which we examine the current state of online news and information discovery a…  


local

bratton online
city on a hill press
firedispatch.com
firescan.net
good times
hilltromper
monterey herald
press banner
register-pajaronian
salinas californian 
santa cruz comic news
santa cruz indy media
santa cruz patch
santa cruz police department blog
santa cruz sentinel
santa cruz waves
santa cruz weekly



world

abc news
alternet
arts & letters daily
bbc news
broadband reports
common dreams
cnet
cnn
democracy now
digg
espn
fox news
la times 
london times
mercury news
nbc news
needful news
new york times
npr
scitech daily 
sf chronicle 
slashdot
the independent
the onion
the register 
urban legends
usa today 
washington post 
wired
yahoo news






more news...
less news...
back to top of news sources


 




weather

santa cruz weather
half moon bay weather




traffic
click or tap map for live traffic info
more…





surf

more detailed surf conditions & webcams for steamer lane-the point at surf-forecast.com. 

more detailed surf conditions & webcams for cowells cove at surf-forecast.com. 

more detailed surf conditions & webcams for 41st ave (the hook - shark cove) at surf-forecast.com. 
more...




about cruzio
cruzio, established in 1989, connects businesses and residences around santa cruz county and parts of the bay area with multi-gigabit fiber internet, business-grade wireless internet, and other internet and web services. our beautiful headquarters in downtown santa cruz serve as an ixp and data center, with colocation, flexible office space and coworking for startups and small businesses.
more…








 
 

 




servicesinternet

broadband labels
equal access internet


enterprise

colocation
dedicated internet access


coworking

office space
workstations
24/7 memberships
9-5 memberships
day pass
meetings & events


 
 


terms of usemaster services agreement
acceptable use policy
privacy policy
internet principles
access agreement
transparency document
member toolscruzio mail
account center
support center
fusion phone tools
speed test
domain tools
network status
cruzioworks
book a meeting room
 
 


about cruzionewsletter signup
newsletter archive
blog
testimonials
join the cruzio team
santa cruz guidecruzio merch
weather
surf
traffic
wifi hotspots
computer/web consultants
 
 



contact us

877 cedar st #150santa cruz, ca 95060
 (831) 459-6301
 email us 












 
 
cruzio serves aptos, aromas, ben lomond, bonny doon, boulder creek, brookdale, capitola, corralitos, davenport, felton, freedom, la selva beach, lompico, pajaro, rio del mar, santa cruz, scotts valley, seacliff, soquel, watsonville, & zayante.
 
 
 


cruzio internet 831-459-6301




cruzio internet














homeinternetcoworking

office spaceworkstationsday pass24/7 membershipsmeetings & events9-5 memberships back
enterprise

colocationdedicated internet access back
member tools

cruzio mailaccount centersupport centerspeed testdomain toolsnetwork statuscruzioworksbook a meeting room back
all servicescontact

				× close panel			






























