












lfd - laboratory for fluorescence dynamics









laboratory for fluorescence dynamics

site map
contact us



search: 


laboratory for fluorescence dynamics

a national research center for biomedical fluorescence spectroscopy at the university of california, irvine



site menu
lfd
welcome
about lfd
contact us
visit us
spotlights
picture tour
about website

people
lab members
former members
advisory committee
group photos
open positions
gregorio weber
enrico gratton

events
listing
lfd colloquium
lfd workshop
weber symposium
weber prize
frontiers symposium

publications
recent
journal articles
book chapters
proceedings
abstracts
theses
patents
acknowledging
citing globals
in the news
abbreviations

service
overview
calendar
service form
resources & facilities
service policies

software
globals · simfcs
globals tutorials

internal



general info

welcome
about lfd
contact us
visit us
spotlights
pictures
website





spotlight   »

publications


the lfd database contains more than 2400 articles, abstracts, patents and theses by members of the lfd, and also selected publications of interest to the fluorescence community.

search publications
journal articles and book chapters
abstracts and proceedings
phd and master theses
patents




news



the frontiers in biological fluorescence 2024 symposium will be held on may 10, 2024.
the 18th lfd workshop will be held on october 21-24, 2024.
in the news » enrico gratton recognized with honorary doctorate in uruguay.
the 11th weber symposium was held on january 8-13, 2023 in punta del este, uruguay.
the weber prize 2023 was awarded in january 2023.
the lfd colloquium is held biweekly via zoom.
the globals for images · simfcs 4 software no longer requires registration with a license key as of june 24, 2020.


welcome to the lfd
the laboratory for fluorescence dynamics (lfd) is a national research resource center for biomedical fluorescence spectroscopy supported the university of california, irvine (uci), formerly funded by the national institute of general medical sciences (nigms p41gm103540) divisions of the national institutes of health (nih).
the founder and principal investigator of the lfd is enrico gratton. the co-investigator is michelle digman.
the lfd's main activities are:

services and resources: the lfd provides a state-of-the-art laboratory for fluorescence measurements, microscopy and spectroscopy, with technical assistance to visiting scientists. 
research and development: the lfd designs, tests, and implements advances in the technology of hardware, software, and biomedical applications. 
training and dissemination: the lfd disseminates knowledge of fluorescence spectroscopic principles, instrumentation, and applications to the scientific community.

read more about the lfd's activities, history, funding, and organization.
the content on this website is solely the responsibility of the authors and does not necessarily represent the official views of the national institutes of health or the university of california, irvine.




laboratory for fluorescence dynamics.  university of california, irvine.  department of biomedical engineering.  3208 natural sciences ii.  irvine, ca 92697‑2715, usa.  phone: +1‑949‑824‑7085.  email: lfd@uci.edu.  copyright © 2006‑2025.

