









exploration instruments
















 




exploration instruments






homeabout usnews & articlesnew customer infocontact us


                                my account
                            

been here before? sign in


email address *


password *



 remember me
sign in 



    new around here? sign up



    forgot password?






 














for rentview all productsconcrete evaluationdrone sensorselectromagneticenvironmentalgpsgrounding surveyshydrologiclidarmagnetometersmarinenon-destructive testingradarradiometricsresistivityseismicsurveyultrasonicsutility mappingvibration monitoringfor sale 













                add definition to your world with drone lidar            








                we're with you all the way.            




                ...to the ends of where-ever...            




                dependable - affordable - available            




                what you need - where you need it.            




                on time and on site.            




                choose wisely - choose exi.            





featured products




                
                emlid reach rs2+            




                
                stencil slam lidar            




                
                200 mhz hs antenna            




                
                impulse pinpointr            




                
                impulse raptor 18 channel array            




                
                pd8050 8 channel ultrasonic array            




                
                pi8000 pile integrity impact echo            




                
                proceq 8100 step frequency array gpr            




                
                proceq gp8000 step frequency 4 wheeled handheld gpr            




                
                proceq gp8800 step frequency single wheel micro handheld gpr            




                
                tromino blu seismograph            




                
                wireless radio trigger link for seismic source            


 




                
                exi welcomes our new geoscientist, kevin cerna!
                            


kevin cerna is thrilled to join the exploration instruments team as a geophysicist in the harrisburg, pennsylvania office. through his professional and academic adventures to 33 states, kevin developed a desire to investigate the intersection between complex and dynamic geological systems with human interaction. kevin graduated with his b.a. in geoscience from franklin & marshall college and is expected to graduate with his m.s. in geology from the university of idaho in may 2025. his current research focuses on the documentation of spatter-forming deposits from fountaining-style eruptions found on the big island of hawai'i.professionally, kevin brings 3 years of field experience from utilizing shallow geophysical techniques such as electromagnetics, metal detection, ground penetrating radar, electrical conductivity, gravity, and seismic. at exploration instruments, kevin will assist clients by providing his technical expertise in geophysical equipment.
when not at exploration instruments, kevin enjoys playing and watching soccer, immersing himself in the world of video games, and clearing the court in badminton with his wife. be sure to ask him about his two cats: noche and luna! 





                
                exploration instruments is proud to announce our new partnership with impulse radar for products in the united states.
                            



                         

exploration instruments is proud to announce our new partnership with impulse radar as exclusive rentor of impulse products in the united states.  our rental fleet will include:
impulse pinpointr:



the pinpointr has been developed to maximize in-field productivity by utilizing impulseradar’s innovative real-time sampling (rts) dual-channel antenna technology, which provides incredible bandwidth, speed, and resolution, all controlled via an intuitive android-driven user interface.  the impulseradar pinpointr offers a clear and dependable way to quickly and easily locate, avoid or map underground utilities with the functionality required to meet approved industry standards, whilst offering market-leading performance and data quality.



impulse raptor (tow behind and push cart):

raptor is a state-of-the-art high-speed 3d-gpr array enabling the very fast collection of 3d gpr data, at speeds in excess of 130 km/hr (80 miles/hour), @ 5 cm point intervals. raptor is capable of survey speeds that eliminate the need for traffic control and safety vehicles. conventional systems typically operate at no more than 30 km/hr, with similar settings.
 







 


 




copyright © 2024 exploration instruments llc. | subscribe to our newsletter 






