










home - cape girardeau area chamber of commerce


























































  
















skip to content















					login				








					email				








					(573) 335-3312				

























































menu 
directorycalendarabout us about us board & staff contact us our partners business resources newsroom & media member news member news submission cape engage submission newsletters blog logo use & policy participate leadership cape women’s network young professionals of cape area save advocatemembership membership benefits sponsorships join today mic celebratory eventsour region about our region economic development visit cape community leaders cape is home home show job postingsmember login








 






































































cape girardeau area chamber of commerce






the voice of regional development

































participate 
get connected & stay informed
 
 
 
read more

 















save 
lower your business expenses
 
 
read more

 















advocate 
increase your community impact
 
read more

 












network, engage and get involved.







join today




















what our members say“our membership in the cape chamber has allowed our team to make new friends, meet new people, grow our profession, and get more involved in the community we serve. we would encourage any business looking for personal and professional growth to invest in our local chamber. we are thankful for all of the opportunities they have provided for coalter insurance group!”laura coalter-parkercoalter insurance group 

what our members say“i have been a cape chamber member since 2004 when i began working in cape. the chamber has been crucial in networking and knowing what our community has to offer.  it feels great as a business owner to know that the chamber is constantly fighting to make the economy stronger and bring business in that will enhance opportunities for the community.”angie umfleetarnold insurance 

what our members say“when i made the decision to take the leap to start my own company, i made my cape chamber membership a priority. at my previous employer, i saw first-hand the benefits and resources available and i knew that carrying that into the next venture would play a key part. ”megan frankonboard llc 

what our members say“i made the choice to join the cape chamber to be a part of a great community and get to know other members and business owners of cape girardeau. the chamber offers a nice organization for the business community to come together with like-minded interests. joining the chamber has given me countless resources and information such as tips on running a business and looking for the best direction for employee benefits.”zach huckstephuckstep paint & body shop 





























working for you 
the cape chamber is on a mission
the cape girardeau area chamber of commerce is a leading partner of business and industry that supports the growth of a vibrant economy, an enhanced quality of life in southeast missouri, business advocacy, and strategies to grow and retain a talented regional workforce.
 
 
 
read more

 








mark your calendar 
upcoming events


 
view all events

 










 












© 2025 cape girardeau area chamber of commerce
 | 
site by growthzone


























resources





























member directory 














member login 










get in touch






cape girardeau area chamber of commerce













220 n. fountain st. | cape girardeau, mo 63701 














573-335-3312 














email us 


















 © 

 cape girardeau area chamber of commerce.  all rights reserved. site by growthzone 








 
















