



welcome | npeu













































































































































 


notice: you are viewing an unstyled version of this page. are you using a very old browser? if so, please consider upgrading











skip to content
skip to navigation
skip to footer







npeu login
 




staff area












oxford population health: npeu



















contact


about us





athena swan


job vacancies


people


postgraduate studies


working in the npeu






research





pru-mnhc


clinical trials unit


sheer


research projects


publications


mbrrace-uk


ukoss






public involvement


what's new


privacy notice

 











search










you are here:  




home






 













welcome to the npeu
the national perinatal epidemiology unit - conducting robust research to improve care for mothers, babies and families since 1978
about the npeu












areas of research
search our projects









 pru-mnhc

 









the policy research unit in maternal and neonatal health and care (pru-mnhc) began a programme of work in january 2019 with funding from the policy research programme at the department of health and social care (england) via the national institute for health research. 















 clinical trials unit

 









the npeu clinical trials unit (npeu ctu) is a fully registered ukcrc clinical trials unit and typically runs a number of large multi-centre randomised controlled trials. 















 sheer

 









the npeu also conducts social sciences, health economics and epidemiological research (sheer) which includes on-going influential studies. 


































latest news
see all news









 latest mbrrace-uk figures for perinatal mortality in the uk are published

 









the mbrrace-uk collaborators from the university of leicester's timms group have published interactive maps and charts of perinatal deaths of babies born in 2023 for individual trusts and health boards. the publication of this data comes ahead of the latest mbrrace-uk perinatal mortality surveillance - state of the nation report, which will be published in june 2025.
the interactive maps and charts give users the ability to view trends in mortality rates over time for individual trusts and health boards. users are also able to view the spread of mortality rates and the total number of births by organisation.
the data can be accessed on the mbrrace-uk data viewer. 




                        13 feb 2025                    

read more















 non-invasive screening for fetal abnormalities in the first trimester of pregnancy is cost-effective for the nhs

 












                        05 feb 2025                    

read more












 maternal death rates in the uk show slight improvement for 2021-23

 












                        09 jan 2025                    

read more












 new briefing for researchers, voluntary and community sector organisations, and funders on working together on research involving parents in the first 1001 days

 





                        18 dec 2024                    

read more












 breastfeeding support in england during the covid-19 pandemic

 





                        17 dec 2024                    

read more
































connect with us













 



























npeu main site

  |  

npeu ctu site

  |  

pru-mnhc site

  |  

npeu sheer site






about the npeu

  |  

privacy & cookies

  |  

accessibility

  |  

top of page






                                                © npeu 2025                                            



















