


alden films - your source for jewish media











 alden films





package special: get our eight latest audio titles -31 cds in all for only $159.95 a savings of over 37%


 
 







where the best in video and audio programming on israel, judaica and jewish studies are featured. 
most of our titles are available in vhs and dvd. we are pleased to have a growing list of audio - books and lectures on cd. for our latest titles, visit our new page where you can watch and listen to free excerpts.
while supplies last, we are offering a package of our eight most popular titles at a savings of 37%!

included in the index are free videos on israel that are currently available (up
to 4) to educators, clergy, organizations and librarians in the
tri-state region of new york, new jersey, and connecticut. choose looking at israel from the main menu to view the large selection.
alden films is pleased to feature the emmanuel collection of cds and dvds in its roster of titles. these offerings are lectures from the leaders and founders of the noahide movement, a diverse group of people who believe in the one god of abraham. for further information, see our latest brochure or choose judiasm of jesus or religious concepts from the main menu. 

in response to repeated requests, we are offering some of our most popular dvss on israel with narration in spanish. more are on the way.

 to order, or for further information please call, fax or  click to contact alden films.
phone: (800) 832-0980  [in new jersey: (732) 462-3522] 
fax:   (732) 294-0330


search our site: 









 www  alden films 



holocaust, terrorism, jewish literature, holidays and festivals, jews in other lands, american jewery, death and dying, archaeology, music, art and dance, women's self-defence, christian, specials, agriculture in israel, archeology in israel, israeli history, immigration in israel, minority relations, israeli music, art & dance, nature and ecology in israel,  religion and tradition in israel, israeli science and technology, israeli society, touring israel, jerusalem, zionism, new offerings, news letter, how to order, about alden











