   royal scottish country dance society vancouver branch - rscds vancouver     
homenews *dancingdance clubsbranch (vancouver)burnabyglenayre (coquitlam)other clubsbellinghamfort langleynorth shore dance scottishwhite rockdeep cove (north vancouver) now north shore dance scottishdelta not activegleneagles (west vancouver) now north shore dance scottishpoint greywest end not activeseniors classesevent calendardancing in the parkdemonstration team – strictly scottishchildren’s classes not activeceilidh dancingevent photospast events dance notesabout usdance scottishboard of directorsappointmentsboard documentsbranch awardsprivacy policyresourceswhite cockadeon-lineantarctic herostanding stillstretching debatedance languagephrasing coveringfairy taleslinksvideosfind an eventcontact


homenews *dancingdance clubsbranch (vancouver)burnabyglenayre (coquitlam)other clubsbellinghamfort langleynorth shore dance scottishwhite rockdeep cove (north vancouver) now north shore dance scottishdelta not activegleneagles (west vancouver) now north shore dance scottishpoint greywest end not activeseniors classesevent calendardancing in the parkdemonstration team – strictly scottishchildren’s classes not activeceilidh dancingevent photospast events dance notesabout usdance scottishboard of directorsappointmentsboard documentsbranch awardsprivacy policyresourceswhite cockadeon-lineantarctic herostanding stillstretching debatedance languagephrasing coveringfairy taleslinksvideosfind an eventcontact
royal scottish country dance society vancouver branchrscds vancouver branchrscds vancouver branchroyal scottish country dance society vancouver branch
dance scottish
membership - class fees
event calendar
tickets - registrationwelcome to the vancouver branch of the royal scottish country dance society (rscds). the rscds has branches in countries around the world.  whoever you are, wherever you are, you can share the fun of learning steps, practicing dances, and thrilling to the music and excitement of socials, balls and workshops.  scottish country dancing is a great way to keep fit and to meet new people in a very social setting. no partner is required.dance classes from basic through advanced are held from september to april. the branch classes are held at the scottish cultural centre 8886 hudson street, vancouver, v6p 4n2. other local clubs dance at various locations in the lower mainland. prospective members and visitors may attend a class for free. for further information on class levels, fees, and to find a club near you, see our  club and class list, or send email message to fran caruth or call 604.922.6842.every summer, from june to august, there is open-air dancing in the park on monday evenings from 7pm to 9pm at the ceperley park area in stanley park. our dance programs include “audience-participation” dances and we welcome visitors, whether local or from out of town. ceilidh dances run monthly september to april.we publish the branch newsletter, the white cockade, in august, october, december, february, april and june in electronic format, available online. deadlines for submissions is on the 10th of the preceding month. all contributions of photos, letters and articles are welcome.  we will do our best to accommodate everyone as space permits. please send email message to the editor.please visit our facebook page.the branch has a demonstration team available to entertain at functions, festivals, and other events.come join us – all you need is some soft shoes and a smile. join more than 13000 dancers across some 39 countries.  start today and become part of our very special world-wide family.quick linksmore about dance scottish!membership and class feesclub and class listevent tickets/registrationevent calendarphotos and videosevent photos *feb 20252025 burns supper - haggis medleyother videos *feb 2025upcoming events feb 19 2025wednesday program class scottish cultural centre feb 22 2025love to dance scottish workshop & dance – sat feb 22 scottish cultural centre feb 28 2025vancouver ceilidh 2025 – fri feb 28 scottish cultural centre mar 08 2025burnaby dance – sat march 8 confederation seniors centre mar 28 2025vancouver ceilidh 2025 – fri mar 28 scottish cultural centre mar 30 2025white rock spring workshop – sunday march 30 12:30 willoughby hall, langley bc
no event found!
weekly branch events 7:30 pm at the scottish cultural centre    class details monday- intro & early intermediate     and intermediate & more  wednesday- programme classevent informationfor crib sheets, registration forms and additional information for all upcoming events, follow the links to the events calendar pagerecent event picture galleriesburns supper 2025dance around the world 2024lady aberdeen 2024betwixt and between 2024

facebook
© 2025 rscds vancouver branch         



