




i do not belong to this world at all — livejournal
























































































































































?

?









































































































































                                    





























































































































































livejournal






find more


communities


rss reader




shop









                                help
                            







                                    search
                                









                                    log in



























log in




                                        join free
                                    

                                        join
                                    







                                          english
                                        
                                        (en)
                                

english (en)

русский (ru)

українська (uk)

français (fr)

português (pt)

español (es)

deutsch (de)

italiano (it)

беларуская (be)













































stars_fell
—














< no suspend reason >









readability




















                    more
                














stars_fell







                                archive
                            



                                photos
                            



                                video
                            





readability






























log in


no account?
create an account








































remember me



                                forgot password
                            




                        log in
                        














log in









qr code

























































no account?

                    create an account
                
by logging in to livejournal using a third-party service you accept livejournal's user agreement









stars fell from the sky
recent entries
archive
friends
profile


            i do not belong to this world at all
        

            it sometimes seems to me...
        



authortwentysomething. married. author. roleplayer. fangirl. gamer. amateur titanic historian. sometime webmistress.
linksleland orser onlineted keeganrepetiteurs anonymousmatthew lewis fanrelative spaceparadisa
march 2014 1
2345678
9101112131415
16171819202122
23242526272829
3031

tagsactors saying my name alien 3 amy pond amy/rory art arthur darvill big finish chewie chronicles of narnia comic relief commentary crack david anders david tennant do not want doctor who dragoncon dreams dubenko dysthymia eight/rose eleventh doctor epic fail er eric everquest evie fake boyfriends family fandom fiction fifth doctor friends gaming ghostbusters gip grad school greatest fanfic recs hall of shame happy birthday! harry potter head asplode heroes hilarity i live in a blast furnace icons in the news jason joe muggs john williams leland orser lord of the rings online lucy saxon marching band matt lewis matt smith memes missy monsieur reyer morris movies music musicals my dream job my real hometown neville longbottom not amused olympics omgwoot oscars oshi- paul mcgann pervy doctor fancier phantom picspam preston/child quizzes quotage random blow-by-blow randomness real life remus/hermione reviews roleplaying saxon/lucy scott grimes seven/ace seventh doctor sexy never left simon ammann stage dooring star trek star wars star wars galaxies star wars the old republic sylvester mccoy ted keegan television the angels take manhattan the harem the land of denial this is paradisaaaa timegate titanic tom o'leary tony awards troy state wedge work world of warcraft writing wtf yuletide 





03 march 2014 @ 01:10 am
random blow-by-blow: the 2014 oscars  


i'm a little mortified that my last post was on last year's oscars. oh well. i've made another resolution to get back into the swing of things i loved doing before my life slid into the realm of suck, and one of those things is writing journal entries. (damn you, tumblr, and your reblog function. instant blog content with no work whatsoever. i'm such a sloth.)( opinionated commentary goes herecollapse )tags: commentary, hilarity, oscars, random blow-by-blow, television
 
3 responded to the call | it's a cqd, old man!




 


25 february 2013 @ 05:05 am
random blow-by-blow: the 2013 oscars  


so i've been struck by the urge to crawl back to this journal and do something i haven't done for some time: liveblog the oscars. i'm not particularly invested in the nominations, mostly because i don't go to the movies anymore. (shit be expensive these days. plus i don't like going by myself.) but i am bored, and i like seeing what people wear--i'm looking forward to the recaps on go fug yourself--and why the fuck not, really. it'll give me something to do for a while.(also, first post using this new post layout. what the hell even is this shit.)( commentary and opinions lie herecollapse )tags: commentary, hilarity, movies, oscars, random blow-by-blow, randomness, reviews   
current location: bristol, ukcurrent mood: blah
 
3 responded to the call | it's a cqd, old man!




 


 



29 september 2012 @ 10:39 pm
post-episode feels  


a meandering thought that occurred to me after watching the angels take manhattan:( behind a cut because spoilers stillcollapse )tags: amy/rory, doctor who, jason, real life, the angels take manhattan   
current location: bristol, englandcurrent mood: sad
 
1 response to the call | it's a cqd, old man!




 


06 march 2012 @ 10:09 pm
public service announcement  


here's a word of advice for those who don't want their business to become everyone else's business: don't mention it on the internet.and that, kids adults, is why we don't make best friends with teenagers.tags: do not want, epic fail, friends, head asplode, randomness, real life   
current mood: disappointed
 
4 responded to the call | it's a cqd, old man!




 


 



03 february 2012 @ 09:13 am
meanwhile, take two  


more things i did while not writing entries in this journal:- watched the first half of doctor who, series six.- went to timegate and had an absolute fucking blast.- met sophie aldred there.- celebrated my sixth wedding anniversary.- played second clarinet in the pit orchestra for a local production of south pacific.- turned twenty-eight.- watched the second half of doctor who, series six.- went back to dragon*con for round three.- met sylvester mccoy a;lsdj;ladjglkj- lost my friend ryan way, way too soon.- almost immediately thereafter, got dumped by my husband.- took the dog and moved back in with my parents.- participated in the star wars: the old republic beta.- grindrgate.- lost everything in the divorce.- took all the fiestaware dishes and the flatscreen tv in vague retaliation.i'm going to try and start writing in this thing on a regular basis again.tags: do not want, doctor who, dragoncon, eric, evie, family, friends, music, musicals, oshi-, randomness, real life, star wars the old republic, sylvester mccoy, television, timegate   
current mood: awake
 
6 responded to the call | it's a cqd, old man!




 


 



04 march 2011 @ 01:09 am
meanwhile  


so, things i did while not writing entries in this journal:- watched doctor who series five. every episode, on transmission, for the first time since becoming a fan of the show.- promptly fell head over heels for series five.- became a very staunch and avid fan of arthur darvill, aka rory williams in doctor who (which will have long since been patently obvious if you follow me on either twitter or tumblr).- started roleplaying amy pond. (journal: too_fairytale)- celebrated my fifth wedding anniversary. (oy.)- saw the national tour of phantom in atlanta, for the last time before the tour closed in november.- turned twenty-seven. (double oy.)- went back to dragon*con. it was fucking awesome.- got friended back by thomas james o'leary on facebook. (you guys just don't know.)- continued to be unemployed.- continued to procrastinate like a motherfucking bitch on both fanfic writing and getting my website(s) back up.in other words, not too terribly much.tags: amy pond, arthur darvill, doctor who, dragoncon, phantom, randomness, real life, television, tom o'leary   
current mood: wonkycurrent music: good life - onerepublic
 
1 response to the call | it's a cqd, old man!




 


 



01 march 2011 @ 03:31 pm
arthur darvill, secret sex god  


there are no words adequate enough to properly express my amusement over the fact that tumblr seems to be collectively dying over arthur darvill's bedroom hair in this picture from the upcoming comic relief sketch.the sexy was always there, guys.tags: arthur darvill, comic relief, doctor who, sexy never left   
current mood: amused
 
11 responded to the call | it's a cqd, old man!




 


28 february 2011 @ 04:38 pm
the return of the king (er, queen)  


i live!no, really.(is anyone still reading this?)tags: oshi-   
current mood: hot
 
19 responded to the call | it's a cqd, old man!




 


 



20 march 2010 @ 05:29 am
random by-by-blow: doctor who, "the caves of androzani"  


in which i liveblog my first full-through viewing of "the caves of androzani", aka the fifth doctor's exit story. man, i really need a five icon.( clickycollapse )okay that was a fucking awesome story and i can absolutely see why it topped the mighty 200.damn i love me some five.tags: commentary, doctor who, fifth doctor, pervy doctor fancier, random blow-by-blow   
current mood: geeky
 
24 responded to the call | it's a cqd, old man!




 


18 february 2010 @ 07:29 am
nodar kumaritashvili, and epic fucking fail  


okay, so i live-blogged the vancouver olympics opening ceremonies, only i haven't cleaned up the post and published due to both the subsequent olympics coverage eating my life (despite said coverage by nbc sucking unwashed ass) and engaging in my official pastime of procrastinating via world of warcraft. i plan to get the publishing done today, assuming i can keep my mouse away from the warcraft icon on my desktop. but first, i would like to rant nuke from orbit discuss the death of georgian luger nodar kumaritashvili.( cut to save your friends list from my bile spewagecollapse )tags: do not want, epic fail, hall of shame, in the news, not amused, olympics, wtf   
current mood: aggravated
 
1 response to the call | it's a cqd, old man!




 


 

 


go earlier
viewing most recent entries


 
 





























