







beef empire days inc.































































































sign in
my account




















        home
      

        mission
      

        sponsors
      

        schedule of events
      

        2024 results
      

            bulls, broncs & rodeo
          

        2024 program guide
      

        event registrations
      

        contact
      













































sign in
my account






















































homemissionsponsorsschedule of events2024 resultsbulls, broncs & rodeo2024 program guideevent registrationscontact


















scroll








2025 beef empire days                                                            may 30 - june 8, 2025fifty-six years promoting beef — we “steak” our future on it! join us as we celebrate the beef industry and all it means to our communities in the great beef empire! there will be something for everyone!




    2024  bed results
  



bulls broncs & rodeo - kpra rodeo driven by legacy auto, saturday, may 31, 2025kpra “richest one-night rodeo in history” is coming back!  make plans to attend this and all the beef empire days events.
















 







 











honoring the mission
without waver, the goal throughout the past half century plus of beef empire days has been and remains the advancement in the production and quality of beef, improvement of communications and continued education and promotion of beef.learn more



 
























 

our eventswith more than a dozen plus events held annually, beef empire days is the premier beef industry event of the west. join us as we honor age old traditions in everything from ranch style cowboying, beef production, to the best ways to serve up our favorite meat. there is an event for everyone in the family to enjoy!



carnivalcome celebrate the kickoff to the beef empire days festival with a week long, family-friendly, carnival. there are rides and all of the amazing carnival foods you can imagine. bring your family out as the excitement mounts for this year’s celebration of  beef in southwest kansas winds up!live & carcass showthe cattle begin arriving at dawn or before and the excitement level will peak by mid-morning when the annual  merck live show takes center stage. anyone with an interest in the cattle feeding industry is invited to be in the stands at the finney county fairgrounds.once selections have been made the exhibited animals will be harvested and judged on carcass production. winners of the event are announced at the awards banquet at the end of bed 2024.



ranch rodeowant to know how the traditional cowboy works the herd? the ranch rodeo includes events in which traditional working cowboys gather to compete and demonstrate skills that are used every day in cattle ranching operations. although there are some similarities to the rodeos people are accustomed to seeing, ranch rodeo events typically use combinations of roping, horsemanship, and groundwork skills to create a more genuine presentation of real-life ranch work. this is considered to be a team event, not an individual competition. a team consists of three members. events are doctoring, mugging and penning.paradegarden city’s largest parade is sure to be a crowd-pleaser with 100 or more entries. the parade begins promptly at 10:00 a.m. at the american legion going north towards walnut.

 


    learn more
  











media



january 2023over the 10-day festival, there’s an event for everyone in the family to enjoy, whether it be carnival, parade, rodeo, livestock shows, tennis and softball tournaments, music, entertainment, and, of course, tons and tons of great beef.travelmag / read full article 



august 2017"of the sixteen events held during the twelve-day fiesta, each was full of laughter, thought provoking conversation, and undeniable kinsmanship. don’t get me wrong; the competition is still stiff in the live cattle and carcass show competitions, the air was just that of good old friends celebrating what we do best, raise beef."calf news magazine / read full article 




































 

get involved



jump on board! there are several ways to get involved with beef empire days whether you want to be in the saddle or behind the scenes, we have a place for you! please do not hesitate to learn more below or even contact us for further information. we can't wait to get you involved!

 

register for an eventsign up and registration for events has never been easier! follow the link bellow to get involved in your favorite parts of the festival!




    sign up
  



volunteer opportunitiesas a not-for-profit community organization we are always in search of volunteers to help make this timeless tradition continue without skipping a beat.




    volunteer
  



become a sponsorsponsoring beef empire days is more than contribution to a one time event. it's a lifetime of tradition and community involvement in southwest kansas. your business deserves to be associated with this organization!




    become a sponsor
  

 






introduction



banner



what we do



our partners



our events



press quote



our team



get involved










beef empire days inc.206 east fulton terracegarden city, ks 67846(620)275-6807director@beefempiredays.compowered by:beef empire daysphotography by:mw graphics



actionscholarship applicationvolunteercontactsponsor


















































sign up to receive news and updates.




email address






sign up






thank you!







executive director
206 e. fulton terrace,
garden city,
united states
(620) 275-6807 
director@beefempiredays.com


hours












