









north country angler fly shop - north conway, new hampshire in the mount washington valley - north country angler fly shop - north conway, new hampshire fly fishing store






















































































 

 












603.356.6000
shop@northcountryangler.com



facebook




instagram


 





facebook




instagram




0 items
 












home
shop online
fishing “the valley”
guides & guided trips
blog
account

orders
cart
checkout
lost password


contact, hours & directions
 





select page


  
 



 



 













welcome to the north country angler
an independently owned, destination fly shop in north conway, new hampshire—the heart of the mount washington valley and home of the saco river, ellis river and just south of the androscoggin river.
the valley offers fly fishing at its finest in new hampshire’s incredible white mountains. 
and always remember to ‘trust your fly!’ 

contact us











welcome to the north country angler
an independently owned, destination fly shop in north conway, new hampshire—the heart of the mount washington valley and home of the saco river, ellis river and just south of the androscoggin river. 
the valley offers fly fishing at its finest in new hampshire's incredible white mountains. remote ponds, and crystal clear lakes including ossipee lake, silver lake and conway lake. the white mountain national forest awaits fly fishermen seeking new hampshire's native wild eastern brook trout. 
we will get you fully outfitted for your next fly fishing adventure. 
and always remember to 'trust your fly!'

contact us







thanks for visiting the north country angler online
serving fly fishers for over 50 years!



located in north conway, new hampshire (a sales tax-free state), north country angler is a full-service fly shop in both the heart of the shopping areas of noco but also tucked in the shadow of mount washington and the white mountain national forest. we offer quality fly-fishing gear, flies, and friendly advice. 
the north country angler is a local legend, and has been in the “valley” for over forty years. the saco and ellis rivers, two of the best fly-fishing rivers in the east, are just a short cast from our doorstep. 
we are a licensed orvis dealer and an authorized dealer for scott, winston, temple fork outfitters and echo rods.
we are proudly carry:
ross, waterworks/lamson, galvan and echo reelsorvis, cortland, scientific anglers and wulff fly linesfishpond, loon, fulling mill and wheatley brands,simms waders, clothing, and boots
we also have one of the largest selections of flies in new hampshire, with over 700 patterns and the best fly tying selection in the north country! to name a few brands: hmh, regal, orvis, wapsi, hareline and ewing feather birds
 we post up-to-date stream reports (in season) on our facebook, page – the north country angler fly shop as well as weekly videos on our instagram: but please feel free to stop by the shop for up-to-the-minute fishing information. all of our staff are experienced north country anglers and stand ready to answer your questions on local conditions, equipment, etc.

owner steve angers is a valley local, born and raised, and is also author of the north country fly fishing guide, entitled “fly fishing new hampshire’s secret waters” available at the shop or online on amazon – kindle or print-bound available!
and, in addition to regular on-the-water fishing reports and guidebooks, steve writes a regular column in the conway daily sun about fish, fishing, and fly tying as well as offering fishing reports on orvis.com.  
we thank you for visiting our website and when in the “valley” please stop by to visit us at the shop!










we are one of the very few remaining full service
independent new england fly shops



















we carry the following items





high end rods & reels
we have the perfect rods selected for new england fly fishing. from small stream specific 1wt to seacoast savvy 9wts – our selection is hand-picked to get you the very best qulaity rod for your dollar. 

flies, flies, & more flies
as we love to say here at the shop – always remember to trust your fly!







tools & terminal tackle
we all need the little stuff to keep us on the water and ready to adapt to any condition mother nature might throw at us. we carry all the tools and toys you’ll need to keep you fishing at your very best. 

leaders, weights & tippet
remember – in the state of nh lead weights are illegal to protect the loon population. we have tin and other alloy that are loon safe you’ll need to weight your flies properly.









a limited selection of ice fishing and spin fishing gear. 
we know you can’t always win with a fly rod in hand, so we offer more than just fly gear for visitors to the valley











need a fly fishing guide? product information?
need it fast? give us a call!



call the shop







need a fly fishing guide? product information?
need it fast? give us a call!



call the shop







our e-shop
yes! we sell products online. while we consider ourselves more of a destination, in person store – we have a number of products available to order online at your own convenience. they will be fulfilled from our north conway store 
orvis. simms. fulling mill. scientific anglers. echo. winston.







rodsorvis, winston, echo & more!
shop for rods





fly lines & reelscortland, orvis & scientific anglers
shop for lines/reels







other stuff we usegear, gadgets and tools we just can’t live without
shop gadgets





super valuesdeals on stuff that could just be too good to be true
shop deals





rentalsneed gear to get out on the water while visiting?
check availability







fly tyinga fully stocked selection of fly tying gear. hooks, feathers, tools & thread. we have it all.
shop for tying gear





flies & fly boxesneed flies or a box to put them in? we have thousands. #trustyourfly
see the flies







north country angler







where to find us & how to reach us








call the shop
603.356.6000
steve angers, owner
 






visit the shop
2988 white mountain highway​north conway, nhcheck our hours here.



followfollow



mailing address:po box 1901north conway, nh 03860
physical address:2988 white mountain highway​north conway, nh
phone:landline - 603.356.6000mobile & text - 603.307.0001
​​email, imessage, & facetimeshop@northcountryangler.com​​or message us on facebook







and always remember...trust your fly!



 







 



home
shop online
fly fishing nh’s secret waters
blog
checkout
cart
privacy policy
 






facebook




instagram


copyright 2023 north country angler. local web development & management  by thirst productions, llc.  























































