sell your textbooks | get paid quickly | facultybooks       


for assistance, contact 1-800-868-8902; monday - thursday 7:00 a.m. – 6:00 p.m. (cst); friday 7:00 a.m. – 5:00 p.m. (cst)




menu home how it works faq about us login




create account

forgot your password?




 login using your facebook account




 login using your twitter account




 login using your linkedin account
  






menu


 home how it works faq about us login   
please contact customer service at 1-800-868-8902 for assistance.
sell us your textbooks.
get paid quickly.


what is an isbn?
→ {[{ order.generated_name }]} just sold {[{ order.total_quantity }]}
 for {[{ order.ending_price || 0 | currency }]}  
enter up to 50 isbns, job control number or search by author/title. what is an isbn?
1
get a quote. it's easy! we pay top dollar for college textbooks, instructor's editions, complimentary copies and study guides. we pay top dollar for college textbooks, instructor's editions, complimentary copies and study guides.
2
ship your books. it's free!we supply you with free shipping and we even send you free boxes and packing materials.we supply you with free shipping and we even send you free boxes and packing materials.
3
get your money. it's fast!it's important to us that you get paid fast, whether payment is via check, paypal or direct deposit.it's important to us that you get paid fast, whether payment is via check, paypal or direct deposit.saving students money
selling is simple


watch the how-to video to see just how easy it is

recently sold books

sells for $31.50
macroeconomics
mcconnell

sells for $31.50
marketing
kerin

sells for $45.50
norton intro.to lit. shorter-w/access
mays

sells for $74.00
essential cell biology-w/access (pb)
alberts

sells for $31.00
fundamentals of taxation 2025 (ll)
cruz  
what is an isbn?an isbn (international standard book number) is the 10 or 13-character number on the back cover of your textbook. it also appears in text form on the copyright page inside of the front cover. a book can have both 10 and 13-character isbns at the same time.

 or

×  




connect with facultybooks
privacy policy
terms of use
contact us
sitemap
© 1975-2025 facultybooks, all rights reserved  
new condition requirementsthe amount of time you have had a textbook in your possession does not affect whether the book is new or used. new or used refers to the condition of the book only.new condition requirementsnew condition textbooks: textbooks that contain embossed or imprinted stamps displayed on the front or back cover, such as "complimentary copy", "review copy", "free copy", "instructor's editions", or "annotated instructor's edition", are considered as used condition. new textbooks must be clean and pristine, with no publisher markings. no smudges, tears, bent corners, scuff marks or any element that would cause a text to not be clean and pristine. final condition is determined when the text is received in our facility.
please pack your shipment carefully. issues during transit can be greatly reduced if proper packaging procedures are followed.your textbook must be generally in good re-sellable condition, no water damage, torn (out) pages, or heavily written in with ink or highlighting.
i acknowledge the new book conditionscondition requirementsthe amount of time you have had a textbook in your possession does not effect whether the book is new or used. new or used refers to the condition of the book only.new condition requirementsnew condition textbooks: textbooks that contain embossed or imprinted stamps displayed on the front or back cover, such as "complimentary copy", "review copy", "free copy", "instructor's editions", or "annotated instructor's edition", are considered as used condition. new textbooks must be clean and pristine, with no publisher markings. no smudges, tears, bent corners, scuff marks or any element that would cause a text to not be clean and pristine. final condition is determined when the text is received in our facility.
please pack your shipment carefully. issues during transit can be greatly reduced if proper packaging procedures are followed.used condition requirementscomplimentary textbooks: these are considered used condition. if the book has a removable "complimentary copy" sticker on the cover, please do not remove it as damage may occur.free copy textooks: these are considered used condition. books which have "free copy" imprinted inside the textbook. if you have a "free copy" text, it must be looked up by the "free copy" isbn located on the back cover or on the copyright page of the text.annotated instructor’s edition: these are considered used condition. only those annotated listings shown with prices will be purchased. please do not send textbooks that are annotated unless your search was positive. if you have an "annotated" text, it must be looked up by the "annotated" isbn located on the back cover or on the copyright page of the text.instructor's editions: (without annotations) may be sellable. please call for quote.your textbook must be in good, general, re-sellable condition. the textbook should not have water damage, torn/torn out pages, or be heavily written in with ink or highlighting.
×stashing a cartthis option will put your current cart on hold and create a fresh cart for you to add new items in.accessing on-hold carts

by going to your profile, you will see a sidebar that has links to your orders, carts and other account related pages. click on the "my carts" link and it will lead you to the page with all of your carts.


the cart status will be listed on each cart and you will have the option to either delete the cart, merging it with your current cart or making that cart active, putting your currently active cart on hold.
×       