
 





point cabrillo light station – a california state historic park



























































↓ skip to main content















 



 













main navigation

menu
homevisit





find us safety first explore the point museums giftshop upcoming events pups at the point
stay





head lightkeeper’s house assistant lightkeeper’s house the cottages visit mendocino
celebratelearn





education programs



grey whales north coast history 
history



light station history light station: 1972 to 1992 restoration: 1995 to 2001 restoration:  2002 to today the frolic story



the clipper ship the cannon canon tom layton 2003 frolic survey project 2004 frolic survey project



frolic saga community support 2004 dive map 


fresnel lens gray whales the big waves california lighthouse history
contribute





donate volunteer more about the historic barn
about us





mission and values news & newsletters links to partners and friends board & staff awards contact us
 

















home



the latest from point cabrillo lighthouse…



lens tours at point cabrillo 
lens tours have started up once again! click here to find out what days you can climb to the top of the point cabrillo lighthouse in mendocino, california.
notices and upcoming events
are you visiting mendocino soon? consider staying overnight at the light station. check out our rental units! some units are pet friendly.
currently, the lighthouse museum is open to visitors from 11am-4pm every day, as well as the assistant lightkeeper’s house museum and marine science exhibit.
 
no posts available
spend the night herestay on the mendocino coast in one of our vacation rental homes. we have two larger houses and two smaller cottages available for overnight stays. select one or more for your reunion, holiday, or vacation.[... see full page]
welcome!
this state historic park occupies a spectacular headland extending out into the pacific. there is a parking area inside the gate off point cabrillo drive, adjacent to the restored kearn farmhouse. enjoy the half mile downhill walk to the light station buildings. note: there is parking for disabled persons in front of and behind the 1st assistant lightkeeper’s house (the first residence) at the bottom of the hill.
there are two paths to the station. the dirt path begins at the north end of the parking lot and takes you through the introduced grassland and coastal prairie. the paved access road to the south is an easier walk. please use established trails and keep dogs leashed and under control at all times.
as you stroll down this road, the point cabrillo light station is arrayed before you. the light station includes:

our lighthouse, which is an active duty aid to navigation, containing the original chance brothers classic 3rd order fresnel lens
three restored lightkeeper homes; the first house is a period museum of a lightkeeper’s house in the 1930s; the other two houses are comfortable vacation rental homes
the restored blacksmith & carpentry shop, which houses the marine science exhibit with its 240 gallon saltwater aquarium
three restored storage buildings behind the residences; two of these have been converted to lovely vacation rental cottages, the other is a public restroom

the main floor of the lighthouse, the 1st assistant lightkeeper’s house and the marine science exhibit are open to the public from 11am to 4pm year-round. the state historic park is open from sunrise to sunset daily. the main floor of the lighthouse is dog-friendly.
tour our web site
click to learn more:


find us on the mendocino coast.
learn about the colorful history of the light and the surrounding area.
visit our giftshop.
see the various opportunities of overnight accommodations on site.
plan your wedding at the light station







search for:


 




 

 

 

hours of operation
state historic park:  open sunrise - sunset


lighthouse museum and giftshop: open 11am - 4pm



first assistant lightkeeper's house, aquarium & marine science exhibit:   open 11am - 4pm

kearn farmhouse at upper parking lot: currently closed; restrooms open
make a donation
your donation helps us preserve this national treasure for future generations. 
we invite you to click the box labeled share my mailing address with point cabrillo lightkeepers association. 
pclk is a private, 501(c)(3) non-profit organization and your donations are tax deductible.
















useful linksdirections to the light station
drone policy
visit our online gift shop
stay overnight at the light station
sign up for our email newsletter
explore the point
our museums
new! buy lightkeepers blend coffee
learn about our history
school groups & education programs
new! see keeper video
visit our online gift shopgifts galore!see our slideshowsee our “safe passage” video for better quality, view on full page. 


visiting mendocino?see the best places to visit in mendocino with a plan including point cabrillo light station.  get a travel plan.



 







 




                copyright ©  2025            
            point cabrillo light station            
                 | powered by            

                 responsive theme                 














