





syro inventions






























































            skip to content        





















syro inventions



















flame-out
12dose
4 glasses
4rova
more designs

injection mold robot ©
several concepts ©


restricted

12dose™ explained ©
4glasses™ explained ©
4rova™ explained ©
neo robotics™ ©
hih™ hose adapter©


get in touch

about us

vrijwilliger.nl
kleintje.nl
12invent.nl
















































flame-out
12dose
4 glasses
4rova
more designs

injection mold robot ©
several concepts ©


restricted

12dose™ explained ©
4glasses™ explained ©
4rova™ explained ©
neo robotics™ ©
hih™ hose adapter©


get in touch

about us

vrijwilliger.nl
kleintje.nl
12invent.nl





























































































every syro invention means...
                      all "questions" answered?
                      then "problem" solved!




 >> interest 4 any concept or support >> 

































































12invent.nl










































our website offering several
                                3d designs and sls printed accessories
new website and new products to suit
                                tesla - model x - & - tesla model s -
                                also - bmw - and - mazda 2 - phone brackets
































 order information @





















lowering linkset tesla model x / s





































































phone brackets tesla model x / s
























































phone brackets bmw 5 series / mazda 2



























































 





































your question?



















taking a close look at your situation, using a wide range of technical options, the combination of “several techniques” create more “diverse options“. 
                      combining new techniques, might offer you a previous unknown solution or component to fit your installation or fix your “design issue”.
more options available?
















can be answered!



















unfortunately, not all “questions” can be answered (yet). however, rather new techniques like 3d design and 3d printing combined, offers you more options then ever before.
                      3d printing offers you options the “regular industry” can’t offer. items can be printed which “normally” can’t be manufactured by conventional methodes.
tweaking a solution!
















by experts

















combining all options and 3d printing techniques solving a problem which seemed unsolvable. above item, easy to print, almost impossible to manufacture in the same amount of time.
it might not even be possible to manufacture at all !
















for your solution



















3d printed items are cheap in comparison to injection molding. building a injection mold requires huge investments. only large amount of the same item might benefit from injection molding. prototyping and testing stage of design can
                      solve problems before occurring at mold making . many printing materials already available.
easy and fast prototyping & manufacturing !











































 






















































3d design & concept ©
                      syro inventions ©2015-2025
















don’t stop at first idea or option







it’s best when design
and function 
                      come together in one solution.






understanding a problem is first step in finding a solution
not only applying existing solutions
                       is one of biggest challenges.
sometimes inventing a new wheel to improve and solve a problem which seemed to be unsolvable.
                      
that can be considered (r) evolution






















































































route solving any “question”….. just 4 steps!






creating a solution, which might not exists yet, therein lies strength.
                      thinking “existing options” might not lead to (m) any “new solutions“.
                      always trying to offer a whole new ” << way outside the box >> ” option. 






















first stage

















question assessmentmounting phone bmw 5 
inventory all optionsseveral places mounting without damage dashboard
creating basic solution
several available
simpel design
options available?
yes
















second stage

















description option(s)mounting without damage
simpel by design
decision & selectionmultiple option mount, easy use, easy removal
assessment successtrength of mount and dash 
















prototyping































































© 2020 syro inventions © 






3d design & evaluation
fdm printing model
printing tweaked model 
evaluating model for sls printing
nesting option evaluation
after small tweaks
















final product































































© 2020 syro inventions © 






printing single sls modelnested designed


tweaking modelmodel simplifiednesting preffered
evaluating pricing single item





















© 2015 – 2025 syro inventions ©













 your question here…..
















































































































fighting fire. the real & right way.






understanding fire and it’s “drive” helps,
                      being equipped with our fire flame out™ methode.
                      every fire needs a best methode fighting it.
                      and we will explain why you really need flame out™.

















common sense






fire and specificly flames are not affected by water at all. applying lots of water, you fight a fire by drowning it.
it will go out eventually, at what cost in terms of collateral damage and personal injuries?
sometimes the cure seems to be more devastating then the fire itself. 
 surrounding areas also fall victim to the fire.
                                unfortunately, they are victim to the fire fighting effords.
so, old methode flawed?
















observe situation






understanding type of fire you’re dealing with is the first step. not all fires are the same. so why fight them the same…
you need to know:
                                is this a core heat fire or only a surface fire.core heat >>
things that will retain heat long timesurface heat >>
things that will not retain heat long time.
that’s all for now, and you don’t even have to be sure at this point.



















become effective 






when the first option is not working, just select the other option and you will be in control of the fire… fast!!
















immidiate result






there is no wrong way to fight the fire with our equipment. it is just choosing what is working the best with minimal side damage.  


























© 2015 – 2025 © 3d digital design by syro inventions ©























































































the secret .. to your solution






to solve any question 
you first need to know, understand and evaluatethe whole question

















exsisting product?






something not working?
                                not working to your satisfaction?
                                no idea how to fix it?
this case, extruder bad design
















no product yet






you need something new?
                                it just doesn’t exist yet?
redesigned the hot to cold zone of this extruder version (big builder 3d) 
















product prototype






3d printing offers advantages and also disadvantages which needs to be clear during design. it’s possible to print an item which can’t be manufactured by conventional fabrication. certain problems can be circumvented
                                with 3d print fabrication.
















final product






when 3d printing is not the solution like in this case.
this extruder uses heat to melt pla. this extruder design was wrong, so heat was melting on the drive sprocket. after redesign this problem was solved perfectly.











© 2015 – 2025 © 3d digital design by syro inventions ©


















































































 




















© 2025 syro inventions. created for free using wordpress and
                    colibri












