



lemmings universe - lemmings info and discussion









 
 
 
 


 



lemmings for psp review!
lemmings coming to ps2! 



welcome to the lemmings universe website. this website provides information about the lemmings series of games published by psygnosis, and more recently by take 2 games. the website also provides information about lemmings related items, including advertising, collectibles, books, etc. much of the information on this site cannot be found on any other websites. this site is also home of the largest collection of lemmings downloads anywhere on the web. 
 if you have any comments, questions or suggestions, feel free to email me. thanks for looking, and enjoy the site!
             


discussion board - discuss lemmings with other lemmings fans. 
the games - info, level codes walkthroughs. 
                books - information about lemmings books
                collectibles - information about lemmings promotional items
                pictures - miscellaneous lemmings pictures, including packaging
                downloads - contains lots of lemmings files for download
                technical help - information on running lemmings 
                links - links to other lemmings websites.
                email me



 
 

updates and news
              
09/04/06: fixed this page's navigation bar so that the games and pictures pop-up menus work again.
08/26/06: been busy lately, so i haven't updated the site in a while. expect some minor changes soon. 
06/18/06: i just made some very minor fixes today.  i also added a link to lee's lemmings paintball page to the links page.
06/09/06: work has had me extra busy the last few days, so i haven't been able to update the site.  look for a reasonably large update next week.


 


 
 
 
 



this site and all content copyright ©2002-2006 lemmings universe. use of any content without prior permission is prohibited. if you have questions or comments, please email me. 
apple, the apple logo, and mac are trademarks of apple computer, inc., registered in the u.s. and other countries. the made on a mac badge is a trademark of apple computer, inc., used with permission.

 


 
 
 
 




 











































































































































 















 




