






spellbound farms dressage – spellbound farms dressage – ocala, fl































 skip to content 

 








 














 
 spellbound farms dressage spellbound farms dressage - ocala, fl 

 


		skip to content	
stallions
sales horses
training/clinics



search for:


search

 



 


 



welcome to spellbound farms!



spellbound farms is located in ocala, florida, between the florida horse park and the fabulous world equestrian center, and has much to offer: training, lessons, coaching at shows, clinics, sales prep, horse shopping trips, help with importation and exportation, and much more!
golden pirouette
check out our new 14 stall facility with a brand-new full size dressage arena with professional footing, large round pen with excellent footing, many turnout paddocks with individual shelter and automatic waterers, and a bridlepath around the paddocks.

spellbound farms is open to year-around and seasonal riders of any discipline and training level with many different training and lesson packages to fit your and your horse’s specific needs. we also have a wonderful team of farriers, veterinarians, saddle fitters, chiropractors and nutritionists to take excellent care of your equine athlete.

we now also offer pemf treatment with the amazing pemf8000. this machine delivers finely adjusted treatment to horses, riders, canines and felines. we also travel with this machine to shows and clinics. call for more information and get a complimentary mini session.

we now have some limited openings for training/sale horses!  spellbound farms takes in a variety of horses and train them to our classical high-end standards.  we now have some limited …. call and reserve your spot today!

petra wilder, a usdf bronze, silver and gold medalist, has over 40 years experience and believes in kind and correct training from the start to achieve a harmonious and long-lasting relationship between you and your horse. we can also help in finding your next dream horse in the us, europe or brazil with access to many amazing horse breeders and trainers around the world!

clinics and private lessons available.  check our clinic schedule regularly!
spellbound farms, inc. petra wilder8541 sw 27th avenueocala, fl 34476 phone: (386) 697-4931email: funwithdressage@yahoo.com
 


 comments are closed.




stallions
sales horses
training/clinics
 



 





archives

december 2020

categories

uncategorized


 




 spellbound farms dressage
petra wilder
17150 s highway 475 - summerfield, fl 34491
phone: (386) 697-4931








 
	powered by tempera &   wordpress.		















