



 






essence of being - finally, create and manifest the life you love










































 












































 

















 






home
essence of being workshop

eob atlanta
eob arizona
eob california
eob texas
eob fort lauderdale
eob international


other workshops/retreats

retreats

machu picchu
high vibes on the high seas caribbean cruise
luxurious spiritual retreat to india
spiritual retreat. italy.


essence of abundance
essence of relationships
essence of communication
essence of leadership
higher vibes
empowerment series
essence of teaching
kidz power
mastery mind empowerment series
essence of courageous leadership


advanced playshops

passionate manifestation
mastery
enlightened being journey
breathwork training & certification


healing forest
conscious leadership academy

advanced conscious leadership program
resources
sign in


blog
events calendar
podcasts

subscribe to podcasts


products
affiliate
coaches/trainers

private session with burge smith-lyons



 


   finally, create and manifest
the life you love    what dream would you live if you knew you could have it all?

are you ready for a life of abundance, inner peace, happiness and growth?

empower yourself with the life-changing essence of being® workshops    as seen on: 

 

     join
the conscious leadership academy

the world’s best superleader support system!      the conscious leadership academy offers a dynamic and immersive experience that revolves around the four transformative essence of being pillars. opportunities for weekly, monthly, and quarterly virtual sessions and in person experiences give you the opportunity to absorb and integrate lessons at your own pace while providing a hands-on, personal connection with our community of conscious leaders.
    learn more   

  learn more 

  learn more 

  learn more 

  learn more 

  learn more 

  learn more  free 4 video series on  creating wealth    a 4 video series sharing tools on how to create wealth.
the first 2 videos are introductions and the last 2 are instructional. enjoy!
      connect with us  











facebook












twitter























youtube














instagram



    essence of being 

  today you can choose to empower yourself with the life-changing essence of being workshop. we will explore how you create reality through your thoughts and core belief system with the principle of law of attraction.
  learn more  passionate manifestation 

  the passionate manifestation program is a 3 day advanced program that is available to all graduates who have taken any one of the essence of being programs.  we give you a real life experience of trusting the universe & manifesting exactly what your thoughts create.
  learn more  mastery 

  mastery is the currently the highest level program, it is a 5 days of magical breakthroughs that occur in many forms. mastery is available to only passionate manifestation graduates
  learn more  


 


"it’s undeniable. it’s indescribable. this workshop transformed my outlook on my life’s vision. thank you!" - legrande g,                     four time emmy winning producer with the oprah winfrey show. 

  


  watch what others say      essence of being podcasts  this podcast is full of tools and inspirational messages that will help you explore how to create and manifest what you want through your core belief systems. you will learn to embrace all aspects of your natural abundance such as self love, life passion, financial satisfaction, and your ability to grow healthy relationships at home, in business and within your community.
    subscribe to podcast   playshops

  essence of abundance  this 1 day course helps you to see your blocks around obtaining prosperity & abundance and gives you the tools to shift your beliefs around money.
  learn more 

  essence of relationships  a 1 day exploration of your belief systems around relationships with family, self, god, or romance and intimacy. learn how to have compassion and empathy with your relationships and attract more of what you want.
  learn more 

  essence of communication  this 1 day course helps you identify your communication style as well as any blocks you might have in receiving communication.
  learn more 

  essence of leadership  this 1 day course will support increased cooperation and synergy, greater productivity, more empathetic communications, bolder and more courageous decisions, a better understanding of emotional intelligence and improved morale.
  learn more   

  higher vibes  this 2½ day event will create a safe, sacred space for you to gain clarity about your higher-self and explore your connection to source.
  learn more 

  empowerment series  a 7 week online class to engage your physical, emotional, spiritual, and mental levels, along with many other webinars and tele-seminars.
  learn more 

  kidz workshops  the weekend will be designed to help kidz become aware of their unique gifts and abilities and to help them feel safe in expressing who they really are.
  learn more   

  essence of teaching  a 2½ day experiential workshop specifically designed and customized for the target school.
  learn more 

  teacher training  get trained to teach essence of being courses worldwide (fast track available for professional coaches, therapists, and counselors).
  learn more    introduction to essence of being
by burge smith lyons    already completed essence of being?  take the enlightened being journey...  save over $2,000 and get
private coaching with burge smith-lyons      the healing forest    find out more  let's get social; connect with us 

 

 

 

  





sign up for text reminders from eob
privacy policy
call us: (888) 400-5566
email us


copyright 2019 - essence of being - all rights reserved - designed and managed by geek in your pocket, inc.  




 










join us on the power hour!


join me for a 1 hour tele-call on the 3rd wednesday of every month as i share the tools necessary to shift your perspective and core beliefs! 






















join the next power hour call! 











 






 




x

 













































