













the rutherford institute :: home | 








skip to main content



























freedom watch:


illinois’ ag said it’s illegal for schools to use police to…
people who gave money to scam school run by u.s. immigration and…
city reaches $20 million settlement in the death of a grandmother…
trump says he’ll leave abortion to the states. it won’t be so…
‘slippery slope’ fears over assisted dying have echoes of…
the future of online privacy hinges on thousands of new jersey cops
what trump’s victory means for the private prison industry
a swat team freed a hostage but damaged an innocent person’s…
iowa supreme court rejects challenge to k-9’s brief contact with…
‘it’s illegal’: rand paul breaks with trump on two key…








donatehelp support the fight
sign upsubscribe to email alerts
become a member



















on the front lines
did facebook conspire with the government to censor speech in violation of the first amendment? case could redefine social media censorship
jailhouse ‘blessed are the peacekeepers’ motto sparks debate over ‘separation’ of church and state
does ‘moment-of-threat’ doctrine give police a license to kill? supreme court asked to rein in police recklessness and use of deadly force
read more press releases >>>


john whitehead'sweekly commentary
a constitutional crisis: can the rule of law survive this presidency?
sleepwalking into tyranny: how power is silently being seized
the rise of the immortal dictator: what will ai mean for freedom and government?
read more commentaries >>>




legal features
constitutional q&a: the first amendment and your right to vote
the case against technofascism: when big tech companies censor speech
constitutional q&a: american community survey
more legal features >>>


tri in the news
how to stand up for freedom (interview with collapse life)
counting the people (interview with financial rebellion, chd)
are you being watched? (whitehead interview with good morning, chd)
more tri in the news >>>

























about us
issues
legal assistance
newsroom
resources
podcast
video
shop




open mobile menu


close mobile menu



donate
sign up
become a member
about us
issues
legal assistance
newsroom
resources
podcast
video
shop

















contact
internships
donor privacy policy
video
shop






copyright 2025 © the rutherford institute • post office box 7482 • charlottesville, va 22906-7482 • (434) 978-3888
                            the rutherford institute is a registered 501(c)(3) organization. all donations are fully deductible as a charitable contribution.
                        


























