





















women's resources and research center









      skip to main content
    






menu


women's resources and research center





















women's resources and research center











open search




search












    quick links
    +




student affairs


give to wrrc


contact us









main navigation (extended config)



          about us





our story


our space


our staff


contact us





          programs






          academic programs





joy fergoda library


stem programs


stem for girls


scholarships





          awareness programs





black futures month


domestic violence awareness month


gender equity awareness month


sexual assault awareness month





          community building programs





davis feminist film festival


end of year banquet


family activities night


graduate outreach programs


open house


ourstories




wellness programs


celebrating 50 years





          get educated






          wrrc 101: resources to support your learning





frequently asked questions


glossary


suggested books, articles, and websites




request a workshop or tabling





          get involved





student staff and volunteer/internship positions


co-sponsorships & collaborations





          resources





crisis


health


student parent resources


additional resources
























            upcoming events
    




 




2025 black futures month

feb 1-28, 2025

uc davis campus




 




black femme magic week presents: femme folk: black roots of music

feb 10, 2025

wrrc library (north hall)




 




black femme magic week presents: black feminist community organizing: unseen labor and herstories

feb 11, 2025

wrrc library (north hall)




 




black femme magic week presents: pouring into ourselves: a tea party celebration of self-love for black women and fem(me)s

feb 12, 2025

manetti shrem museum




 




valentines day social hour

feb 13, 2025

wrrc library (north hall)



more events





our graphic element



the new wrrc graphic element symbolizes our commitment to providing an authentic and empowering home-space for those with marginalized gender identities at uc davis. each corner of our graphic calls in one of the four elements: earth, water, fire and air. learn more about our graphic element.

































































                welcome to the wrrc
      
our mission and vision
mission
the women’s resources and research center (wrrc) challenges all forms of oppression, through the lens of gender equity. the wrrc provides education, advocacy, resources, and a safe space that centers the experiences of womxn, transgender, femme, and non-binary individuals. 
vision
we envision a university in which people of all genders have the resources and support they need to not only be retained, but to thrive. this vision extends beyond our campus community to the world as a whole. we are working toward a world in which liberation and gender equity have been achieved for all.
why a womxn's center?
the women’s resources and research center provides opportunities to promote gender equity in the uc davis community. although womxn make up the majority of students on college campuses, they still navigate issues of hostile campus climate, sexism, and genderism. the wrrc hopes to achieve our vision - a world in which gender equity is achieved and people of all genders, specifically womxn, transgender, non-binary and people with marginalized genders - have the opportunities and support to realize their full potential.
it is a great place to meet friends and get involved with on-campus events and student organizations working to address sexism, cissexism, and all forms of oppression. the wrrc provides opportunities for students to take part in making uc davis safer and more inclusive for everyone, specifically for people with marginalized gender identities, including, but not limited to: womxn, transgender, non-binary, and gender expansive individuals.
the wrrc is a resource for everyone, promoting gender equity in the uc davis community.
womxn, transgender, non-binary, and gender expansive individuals need places where they can find support when facing gender bias, gendered violence and the impacts of inequities on self-esteem. it is critical for everyone to have space to study, relax, be inspired, and laugh in the company of folks who believe in their full potential. there has been much progress toward gender equity, and yet, many of the issues that motivated uc davis students, staff and faculty to create a supportive space for womxn on campus in the 1970s still persist on campus and in our communities.










submit a co-sponsorship request! 









sign up for our email list!









submit content to our newsletter!





come visit us soon!



 wrrc winter break hoursdecember 16th-20th: open virtually december 23rd-january 1: closedjanuary 2nd-3rd: open virtuallyjanuary 6th: center re-opensclosed weekends and university holidayswrrc hoursmonday-thursday: 10am-5pmfridays: 10am-4pm (library & resource room open at 12pm)closed weekends and university holidaysschedule a virtual meeting with career staffwe are still providing virtual drop-ins/resource & referral support as well as in-person. if you would prefer remote services please contact us by email or call our front desk. we look forward to seeing you!



                why an "x"?
      
we intentionally spell some words with an "x" in order to recognize the agency of womxn, individually and collectively, and to challenge the notion that womxn are necessarily defined through their relation to men. this spelling is intended to honor anyone who has ever, ever will, or currently identifies as a womxn. for example, using womxn instead of "women" and hxrstory instead of "history".we understand that the term "womxn" has been a subject of contention and, at times, has inadvertently alienated transgender women from women's spaces. it is important to clarify that our use of "womxn" is not intended to exclude anyone but rather to decenter men. we recognize that language is fluid and that no single term will resonate with every member of our community. we invite everyone to take what works for them and leave what doesn't, while remaining open as we navigate the ever-evolving landscape of inclusive language and social justice. 













women's resources and research center
contact, hours and location





            connect with us!
    






























questions or comments? privacy & accessibility principles of community sitemap last update: february 3, 2025 
copyright © the regents of the university of california, davis campus. all rights reserved.


this site is officially grown in sitefarm.












