




apple hill center for chamber music – playing for peace tm































































































home 
about us

about us 
playing for peace 
sam bergman, executive director 
staff 
board of trustees 
jobs 
facilities 
history of apple hill 
nature at apple hill 
map and directions 
partners 


apple hill string quartet 
concerts

concerts and events 
buy tickets 
ah apparel 


summer chamber music workshop

application 
pay tuition 
summer chamber music workshop 
educational philosophy 
life at apple hill 
summer faculty & guest artists 
dates and fees 
work study applicants 
covid protocols 
faqs 
music assignments 


give

give 
fall appeal 
program ad payments 


media

our stories 
apple hill on youtube 
photo gallery 
for the press 


contact us

contact us 
mailing list sign-up 


















summer chamber music workshop 2025
applications for summer 2025 are now available online! click the image to apply today.



ahsq welcomes new cellist!
the apple hill center for chamber music has chosen cellist jacob mackay to be co-artistic director and member of its award-winning resident ensemble, the apple hill string quartet. click image to learn more.



fall concerts with apple hill
join us this fall for concerts in new hampshire and massachusetts, featuring the apple hill string quartet.



all roads lead to apple hill
founded in 1971 and located on 100 beautiful acres in rural new hampshire, apple hill is recognized worldwide as a center for the teaching and performance of chamber music at the highest level.






apple hill exists to perform, teach, and broaden the appreciation of chamber music—cultivating connection and understanding among people of diverse backgrounds, cultures, playing levels, and ages through music performance and education centered around the values of acceptance, inclusivity, creative expression, and encouragement.
learn more. summer workshop
the 2025 summer chamber music workshop application is now available online! join musicians from around the world to play chamber music in a supportive, inclusive community on our beautiful campus in new hampshire.
apply now give

your investment in apple hill's mission is a gift of acceptance, inclusivity, creative expression, and encouragement during a time of growing need for connection and humanity throughout the world. our friends, supporters, partners, staff, artists, board and alumni deeply appreciate your support. thank you!

donate
 concerts

join us this fall for concerts with the apple hill string quartet! keep an eye on our website for more details.

concerts














copyright © 2020-23 apple hill center for chamber music   |   all rights reserved.    mail: po box 217, sullivan, nh 03445   |   location: 410 apple hill rd, nelson, nh 03457   |   phone: 603-847-3371   |   fax: 603-847-9734   |   email: music@applehill.org



visit us on facebook!follow us on linkedinfollow us on instagramapple hill on youtube
















