






labourwise


























































need help?    contact us | faq






register an account
login
















need help?    contact us | faq



login | register















home
our services

about us
benefits
cost
faq
contact us


labour service & guidelines

guidelines
forms
contracts
labour laws
labour articles
labour news
hr services
case law
glossary
video clips


downloads & documents

forms
contracts
labour laws
popia
topical/temporary (free downloads)























 











labourwise
the employer’schoice
we offer advice on labour & employment related matters.





become a member







read the latest labour news



free newsletter subscription







labour articles





dismissal after reaching retirement age: the legal position revisited

just when we thought the law on dismissal after retirement was clear, the constitutional court (cc) befuddled the issue with a three-way split decision. where does this leave employers?
read more




retrenchment: what selection criteria not to use

may an employer use behavioural characteristics (e.g. initiative, enthusiasm and determination) as criteria to select employees for retrenchment?
read more




criminal record and employment

may employers exclude candidates for employment based on the fact that they have a criminal record, or may an employee be dismissed if the employer discovers that an employee has a criminal record?
read more




striking a deal to avoid the retrenchment process?

if an employer contemplates dismissing employees based on operational requirements (retrenchment), the labour relations act (lra) requires the employer to follow certain procedures. however, may an employer approach employees informally and strike a deal by signing a mutual separation agreement, thereby avoiding the legal technicalities of the lra?
read more


 
visit  article archive



your online advisory service
labourwise is an online advisory service for employers in south africa. although many of our articles and other useful information are for free, we offer a professional subscription service for the business owner, hr specialist and manager at a minimal monthly cost. we offer advice on labour and employment related matters: labour laws, employment contracts and forms, misconduct, disciplinary hearings, unfair dismissal, retrenchment, labour relations, trade unions, disputes, ccma conciliation and arbitration, case law, strikes and industrial action. full membership includes online, telephonic & email advice.

view benefits

labour news




minimum wage increase in march 2025

the national minimum wage (nmw), will increase with effect from 1 march 2025. there will also be an increase of the minimum wage in certain...
read more



visa extension for lesotho nationals

since the recent extension for zimbabwean exemption permit (zep) holders, the minister of home affairs has also announced an extension of lesotho...
read more



visa extension for zimbabweans, but what about other foreigners?

the minister of home affairs recently announced a further extension for zimbabwe exemption permit (zep) holders. the extension is until 28 november...
read more



cosatu protest action on monday 7 october 2024

cosatu gave notice to nedlac of their intention to embark on nation-wide protest action on monday, 7 october 2024. what does this mean for...
read more


 
visit  labour news







labour guidelines
 
practical easy to follow guidelines, to ensure you comply with sa labour laws.








basic conditions of employment act
working hours, leave, employment contracts, termination, etc.








basic conditions - specific sectors
wholesale and retail, hospitality, domestic workers, farm workers, etc.








dismissals
avoid unfair dismissal claims by following these guidelines.










disputes
grievances, internal dispute resolution, conciliation and arbitration at the ccma.








employment equity
discrimination and affirmative action.








unions and strikes
organisational rights, recognition agreements, strikes and lock-outs.












as a member of labourwise you will never be on your own again when it comes to labour-related matters.



 










please login



username



password


forgot your password?

login











contact us
get in touch




010 900 4743






info@labourwise.co.za



contact us



free newsletter subscription
get the latest developments re minimum wages, changes in labour and employment laws, etc.
* by subscribing you consent to receive email communications.





your information has been submitted. thanks! a confirmation email is on its way and should arrive shortly.  note: to ensure proper delivery of our emails, take a moment now and add info@labourwise.co.za to your address book's, trusted sender list, or company white list.



first name



last name



email





subscribe


















contact us
t: 010 900 4743e: info@labourwise.co.za

register | contact us



about us
labourwise is an online advisory service for employers in south africa. although many of our articles and other useful information are for free, we offer a professional subscription service for the business owner, hr specialist and manager at a minimal monthly cost. click here for more information.



the company
about us
benefits
cost
affiliates

social media

followfollowfollowfollow



legal etc
copyright & disclaimer
information privacy
feedback
tell a friend
debit order form

labourwise (pty) ltd © 2025 all rights reserved



 




























