


west seneca welding, recylcing solutions since 1986















































home

service 

emergency services
schedule a service call
preventative maintenance
free waste audit
 

sales 

new recycling equipment
used recycling equipment
parts and manuals
bale wire
 
about us

contact us 

buffalo, ny
rochester, ny
syracuse, ny
albany, ny
 



emergency services




                            west seneca welding, servicing western new york since 1986!
                        


 (716) 826-1658



send a message


 















24/7 emergency services
just a phone call away!
anywhere across new york state, our road-ready service technicians can be on site in a snap to your baler or compactor back up and running!
learn more 












scheduled maintenance
keep your equipment fresh
stay on top of potential issues with a routine maintenanceprogram with our on-site teams from wsw!
learn more 












new & used recycling products
contact us for information on both new and usedcompactors and balers, and much more!
learn more 












how can west seneca welding help you today?!



get started!
it's an emergency!










responsible waste management



recycling specialists
trust the three decades of industry experience from the team at west seneca welding to ensure your compactors, balers and other recycling equipment is not only fully operational, but safe and efficient as well.  from new and used sales, to 24/7 emergency service, scheduled maintenance and part replacement, west seneca welding has you covered - all over new york state!









24/7/365







we stand behind your equipment, regardless of where you bought it.  we are a full service team, headquartered in buffalo with teams in rochester, syracuse and albany!








testimonials







- darryl
we aren't a big company, but when we have a problem, it's big to us.  wsw wasn't our first choice, but so glad the 24/7 service isn't just a sales pitch. wsw is now our only choice for service on our compactor.








- dave
we were looking to replace a terminally damaged unit, and wsw had a beautifully refurbished unit ready for setup.  within a few days, we were back to 100%, and the baler, knock on wood, has not let us down.













baler and compactor repair!
the industry experience and reputation that you need.  the coverage you want.  the service you expect.  west seneca welding.

 (716) 826-1658
hire us for your next project 






 







about us


west seneca welding has been serving the western new york region for their baler and compactor sales and repairs for over 30 years.  our services now expand across new york state, including rochester, syracuse and albany!
read more »





our services


emergency repair services


new recycling equipment


baler repair service


compactor repairs


used recylcling equipment


preventative maintenance


manuals and parts


free waste audits
















© by west seneca welding




 

 





















