








home - european society for translation studies





























































































































skip to content

european society for translation studies








 








european society for translation studies 



promoting research on translation and interpreting 










login










join us


















login










join us















 
home
about

aims
activities
executive board 2022-2025
advisory board
endorsement policy
how to join us


committees

conference and training grant committee

est conference and training grant


summer/winter school scholarship committee

summer/winter school scholarship


translation prize committee

translation prize


open accessprize committee

open access prize


young scholar prize committee

young scholar prize


est wikicommittee
est newsletter editors

est newsletters


social media
book purchase grant committee

book purchase grant




grants
what’s new?

general news
grants and scholarships awarded


events and resources

list of conferences
est congresses
publications derived from est congresses
journals and series
translation studies bibliographies
online translation studies resources


members area

intranet
members
discounts
constitution
agreements


id-ts
 
hamburger toggle menu
 















 








founded in vienna in 1992, the society now has members in more than 46 countries. it functions as a network for research, a forum for exchange, and a center for research resources.
more… 











what’s new? 











early-bird registration now open for the est congress 2025 in leeds20 jan 2025general newsregister before the end of march to benefit from the early-bird fee! est members and students are eligible for additional fee reductions. more information is available on the est congress website here…read more »call for applications – est young scholar prize9 jan 2025general newsthe next est young scholar prize will be presented at the est congress in 2025. the prize is awarded for an excellent contribution to translation and interpreting studies (tis) in the form of a first doctoral thesis by an early-stage…read more »congratulations to the 2024 translation prize winners!31 dec 2024grants and scholarships awardedthe 2024 est translation prize has been awarded to olaf immanuel seel and charikleia alatza, department of foreign languages, translation and interpreting (dflti), ionian university of corfu, for the translation from german into greek of a seminal work by katharina…read more »apply by february 15th for an est conference and training grant!16 nov 2024general newsfor the 2025 congress year, the board has increased the maximum number of grants to support est members with limited or no means of financial support to attend translation studies conferences or training events. more details can be found here…read more »nobel prize and translation25 oct 2024general newsthe nobel prize committee failed to mention the importance of translation when announcing this year’s winner han kang, who writes in korean, but at least the korea times acknowledges it. for a thoughtful reflection on the the role of translators…read more »12345›» 














search for:




congress 2025 – the changing faces of translation and interpreting studies  tweets by estrans 
what is happening in ts?tell us

about your new publications and special issues in translation studies 
 or write to us directly about new journals, calls for papers or conferences, upcoming conferences or anything else of interest to the ts community. send email
information from and for the translation studies community this link  will take you directly to our facebook feed.


 







contact usif you have any questions, comments or suggestions for the society, please contact  secretarygeneralest(at)gmail.com. 

publishers / sponsors  

privacycookies policy 

copyright © 1992-2021 est 











































