





vietnam helicopter crew members association - vhcma






















home 
	reunions
membership
resources
contact












news & announcements
updated january 1, 2025
breaking news
happy new year to all of you
the 37th vhcma reunion 2025
 june 11 -14, 2025
 our next reunion will be held at the doubletree by hilton
		 san antonio airport
 611 n.w loop 410, san antonio, texas
 hotel number is 210-340-6060 
 room rate is $110 plus tax. call the hotel number above, and tell them you are with the vhcma and want to book your room.

make a donation to the vhcma














welcome to the vietnam helicopter crew members association


original photo 
	© taken by and used with permission from "grif" robert w. griffin sfc e7 ret. 
"for those who returned with the living, for those who returned with the dead, for those that never returned at all"
michael g. williams "weird willy" died after tour, june 15, 1997
we are a non-profit veteran organization filed under section 501(c)(19) 
	of the internal revenue service.
the vhcma was organized in 1986 in tucson arizona by a small group of 
	crew chiefs and gunners that got together to share their experiences in 
	vietnam. as the group expanded, it was decided that they would form an 
	organization for crew chiefs and gunners. over the years the organization 
	grew as more and more members heard about the organization and joined. at 
	our reunion in richmond, virginia in 1997, the 
	membership voted to include 
	pilots as full members to the organization. since then our ranks have grown to a total membership of 5400 members.
	 we have 1900 active members. we are an international organization as some of our members are from other 
	countries.
were you a crew member on any type of helicopter used in vietnam?
if you were a crew chief, gunner, pilot, aero medic, flight engineer, pj, 
	oscar, or other flight specialist, then we would like to invite you to 
	join 
	us at the vhcma (international). the vhcma is a nonprofit, nonpolitical, 
	fraternal association.
we consist of former enlisted and commissioned helicopter crew members 
	and their families, and other interested related parties. our members 
	have expressed a strong desire to belong to a group where meeting new 
	friends, finding old friends, and remembering lost friends can occur 
	without distractions and we are receiving new members all of the time.
our membership list is not made available for outside solicitation or 
	other veteran causes.
we do not accept any advertising on our website.
our mission statement
to seek out individuals who were crew members on helicopters during the 
	vietnam war. we want to make them aware of the vietnam helicopter crew 
	members association (vhcma) and encourage eligible individuals to join us.
 














home
reunions
membership
resources
contact



copyright © 1986-2025 - vhcma.org
		all rights reserved.


		this web site and all of its content including interllectual property (ip) is the property of the vietnam helicopter crew members association and can not be copied or reproduced without the written consent. 
		
		the vietnam helicopter crew members association, vhcma, vhcma logo are the trademarks of the vietnam helicopter crew members association. 
		
notice* - anyone copying our website, or using our trademarked/copyrighted text and/or images without permission will be reported to the proper authorities. 
		
		we will also follow up with a copyright infringement lawsuit in accordance with 
		the digital millennium copyright act (dmca).





