







undercover association undercover training for law enforcement

























































































cart
















0
















              home
            

            training
          

            membership
          

            objectives
          

            resources
          

            contact
          

            log in











































































cart
















0











hometrainingmembershipobjectivesresourcescontactlog in


















scroll








 safety, professionalism and training in the world of undercover

 


    upcoming classes
  




    become a member
  

 









welcome to the home of theundercover officers associationthe undercover officers association was established for the purpose of promoting safety, professionalism and training among undercover officers. the non-profit association continues to foster mutual cooperation, discussion and interests among its members. it provides a vast international network of intelligence gathering means for today's undercover officer and sponsors high quality undercover training programs for undercover officers.the world of undercover has expanded into all areas of criminal enterprise. the criminal of today employs advanced technologies both in the commitment of the crime and in countermeasures to conceal that illegal activity.the use of undercover as an investigative technique has grown into all areas of criminal investigations. the association provides a confidential database that will facilitate networking, investigative techniques, current trends, activities of specific criminal organizations, new products and equipment, identify funding sources and assist in the establishment and management of undercover units. all law enforcement personnel will benefit from membership in this association.

 


    view our objectives
  




    meet our officers
  

 
























































































feature



philosophy



product group








































international association of undercover officers
142 banks drive,
brunswick, ga, 31523,
united states
912-242-6000
charlie@undercover.org


hours
mon 8am - 5pm
tue 8am - 5pm
wed 8am - 5pm
thu 8am - 5pm
fri 8am - 5pm




hometrainingmembershipobjectivesofficersresourcescontact














copyright © 2018 undercover officers association.  all rights reserved.

















 
undercover member login
welcome, (first name)! 
 

  

     
forgot?
show 
stay logged in
log in
 


enter member area
 (message automatically replaces this text)
ok

  

 my profile
join the association
log out    







