ï»¿






suzuki europe ltd.
























		 suzuki europe ltd.





home
ordering
contact
support
about suzuki










school supplies

harmonica

melodion

percussion

tonechime / handbell

recorders

keyboard / piano

omnichord

violins

group activities

music therapy

accessories

tutorials / publications

accordions






suzuki news






							suzuki omnichord om-108





 





							suzuki celebrate 70 years
 








					 



43 years in the making: meet the new 
					omnichord! 


to 
					celebrate their 70th aniversary, suzuki decided to reproduce 
					a small line up of their most important instruments. with 
					the help of our product specialist, darren brown, suzuki 
					designed a new instrument incorporating all the best 
					features from each model, as well as community driven 
					requests.

					the new om-108 features an expanded chord pallet (108 
					chords), dual strumplate voices and a selection of new and 
					original styles. it features both analogue and pcm voicing 
					and advanced midi specifications all in a very high quality 
					case worthy of the omnichord line. <read 
					more>

 

founded 
					in 1953, suzuki musical instruments celebrate their 70th 
					anniversary in 2023.

					the corporate slogan "make people happy with 
					music" expresses an earnest desire, as a 
					company, to provide you happiness through the creation and 
					enjoyment of music. and we will continue to fulfill that 
					desire into the future.

 


to 
					celebrate, suzuki are re-imagining one of their most loved 
					instruments; the omnichord, which has been 
					in almost continuous production since 1981.


					keep up with omnichord news: <click 
					here>


					 










							keyboard studies programme tackles underfunding in 
							music education with suzuki melodion.
							(external news article)

							 



 




stealth 
							harmonica playing 









this unlikely starter instrument provides a 
					low-cost, low-maintenance option at a time where music 
					provision in schools is suffering.
					the national keyboard studies programme, has announced an 
					initiative offering uk school children the chance to learn 
					the melodica. the programme aims to use this inexpensive, 
					low-maintenance instrument to help provide low-cost music 
					education at a time when music provision in schools is 
					suffering.
					read the full article
					
					<here> (link takes you to the classical music website)
 

snb-20 
					shinobix harmonica silencer

shinobix (from shinobu, meaning 'stealth') is designed to 
					lower the volume of your diatonic harmonica without 
					affecting playablilty. this unique accessory is composed of 
					a cover plate set which replaces your normal plates, 
					directing the tone into suzuki's custom made silencer. the 
					silencer utilizes individual spiral structures for each of 
					the 10 reed chambers; effectively reducing the sound level 
					by around 15-20db....read more














							chromatic harmonica club by eva hurt





 




suzuki 
							melodions 









this 
					comprehensive book by eva hurt is a beautifully illustrated 
					introduction to the chromatic harmonica.

					eva advises it is suitable for all ages from 6 and up (with 
					assistance for younger pupils).

					it carefully blends theory with practical learning, 
					supported by a careful selection of appealing tunes. the 
					included cd consists of 97 tracks corresponding to each 
					musical example/piece in the book. each song is recorded 
					twice; once with eva playing harmonica, the next is backing 
					track only for accompanying the student. download option 
					also available for audio tracks after purchase.

					for more information <click 
					here>




 



suzuki 
					melodions

					no 
					other musical instrument offers such a diverse learning and 
					playing experience.

					from the basics you learn to master 
					breath control, keyboard skills, ensemble & solo playing, 
					reading music and so on. as a solo performance instrument 
					the melodion (also known as melodica) is fast becoming one of the coolest additions 
					to your line up 
					...read more

 






this 
					newly released melodion information booklet from suzuki 
					details how and why the melodion works, contains 
					observations and comments from a ena yoshida, plus an 
					overview of the various models available.

					download your free copy
					

<here>








harmonica 
							tuition  





 




music in 
							schools - julia joy












harmonica 
					tuition books

					beata 
					kossowska, one of the worlds leading female blues harmonica 
					players and suzuki harmonica endorsee has released her own 
					tuition book. beata recommends her favourite suzuki 
					harmonica, the ha-20 (hammond harp) and airwave. for more 
					information <click here>
 







					 julia joy has been an inspiration in teaching children in and out 
					of schools to start off their musical adventure and to gain 
					confidence and motivation from an early age.
					also, incorporating some unconventional instruments like the 
					melodion, which teaches breath control, keyboard skills, 
					thereby more easily leading on to a much wider range of 
					musical instruments. 

					<here>

					julia joy has been an inspiration in teaching children in 
					and out of schools to start off their musical adventure and 
					to gain confidence and motivation from an early age. also, 
					incorporating some unconventional instruments like the 
					melodion, which teaches breath control, keyboard skills, 
					thereby more easily leading on to a much wider range of 
					musical instruments.

					download 'creating a blueprint for music in schools' 
					presentation
					
					<here>









 

							 




 




 

							 







					 
 

					 



			 

			 





copyright â© 2021 suzuki 
		europe ltd. all rights reserved.
privacy policy
recycling
returns

site map


terms

