




crowley furniture & mattress |  kansas city area: liberty, lee's summit, and blue springs, mo & overland park, ks































skip to main content































search









locations

come say hello!


liberty


lee's summit


overland park


blue springs



view all




sign in



cart


0






search





search
















locations


view cart 0


sign in





save up to $1000 on furniture storewide | click for details or use promo code presday




































you are family.as kansas city's family-owned furniture store since 1954 we are committed to giving each customer the service, selection, and experience they deserve.the second you walk in the door you are a part of our family.visit us todaycrowley furniture & mattress - kansas city area: liberty, lee's summit, & blue springs, mo and overland park, ks



start browsing









living room







bedroom







dining room







mattresses







reclining







sectionals







office







media







shop all




living room inspiration
browse looks we love.


 "e" collection - living room group england evans  

value price:
$2,699.99



 
 chelsea collection - living room group best chelsea  

value price:
$2,399.99



 
 brighton collection - living room group jackson brighton  

value price:
$3,249.99



 
 bella collection - living room group flexsteel bella  

value price:
$1,699.99



 
 esther collection - living room group franklin esther  

value price:
$2,349.99



 
 reece collection - living room group franklin reece  

value price:
$2,349.99



 
 aarons collection - living room group flexsteel aarons  

value price:
$5,299.99



 
 james collection - living room group barcalounger james  

value price:
$7,849.99



 





shop all

buying a mattress can be overwhelming.not anymore.with fifty years of experience, greg crowley has taken the work out of mattress shopping with the perfect 30 collection. the perfect 30 is a collection of the best mattresses in the industry hand-picked by greg himself.shop the perfect sleep centera custom design that works for you.our professional design team will help you every step of the way.request a design appointment todayserving kansas city for over seventy years.we care about our customers.about our customer careour storyserving kansas city for seventy yearslearn more about usshop your styleshop allmid-century modernrustictransitional casualcottageindustrialsee what our customers are saying...powered by birdeyepowered by birdeyepowered by birdeyesee what our customers are saying...




 navigate_before 



                            "crowley always has quality furniture at a good price. we will always make the hour-long drive to do business with them. delivery was great, we were kept informed of their route via a website. they arrived when they said they would and the young men were courteous, professional, and efficient."

                                - brad


                            "the place was incredibly vibrant and had a huge range of designs for any living space. the salesperson was very friendly, and made it his goal to find what i was looking for. i will be back for other interior design needs!"

                                - vincent


                            "the experience of buying furniture can be difficult, but when you have a local team if experts who meet your needs and break down the challenges involved, the experience is much better! thank you, crowley!"

                                - kyle


                            "we had a wonderful experience shopping at crowley. our salesperson was extremely knowledgeable and helpful... highly recommend crowley! skip the big chain stores and shop local. you won't regret it."

                                - lori


                            "it is so nice to work with hometown professionals! we wore ourselves out endlessly walking through the bigger furniture stores, finding nothing of value. just a few minutes in crowley! i also love the peace of mind that crowley stands behind everything they sell."

                                - janet



 navigate_next 





















don’t miss out on deals & new releases





submitting...







contact notes - required*

do you agree to the terms of service?























brands we love: amisco, artisan & post, ashley, aspenhome, barcalounger, bassett, bedgear, best home furnishings, catnapper, england, flexsteel, franklin, fusion, hammary, jackson, jofran, justice, legacy classic, magnussen home, oakwood industries, rachael ray home, rowe, sealy, southerland, southern motion, smith brothers, stearns & foster, tempur-pedic, vaughan-bassett, whittier wood, and winners only
information accuracy - we have taken great care to provide you with information that is accurate and useful. please notify us if you find an error and we will do our best to correct it. we ask that you contact us directly to confirm information about pricing, color, features, dimensions, availability and lead times.
nothing on this page may be copied or reproduced without explicit permission.







site powered by furnituredealer.net © 2006 - 2025 furnituredealer.net, inc., all rights reserved.


privacy policy
accessibility statement
do not sell my personal information























 




