



















home page - cadence



















































03 9813 2933

 



 



 









 toggle navigation    






why us
about
services

business advisory
superannuation
financial & estate planning
mortgage brokering & lending
accounting & taxation compliance
cloud accounting processes & systems


blog
contact








 financial services and advice
to help you achieve your goals
we’re not your average accounting firm. our forward-thinking team of professional accountants provide a range of financial services and business advice to help you achieve your financial and lifestyle goals.
contact us









 why choose cadence
accountants and advisors?
we use our expertise to guide our clients in developing a clear strategy for success. our efficiency and forward – thinking attitude enables you to achieve your financial & lifestyle goals sooner.
read more





 
professional, dedicated team
we treat our clients like family members. our accountants and advisors go above and beyond to provide support and guidance when you need it. we care about your business and results as much as you do.
our mission is to help you achieve your business and lifestyle goals by providing value that extends way beyond producing numbers.



 
implementing the righttechnology
we help you run a more productive and streamlined business which can save you time and money. we will set you up with the latest business automation technology to ensure you run a more efficient and productive business.



 
proactive and progressivebusiness advisors
our team members are all progressive, forward thinking professionals. they’re always looking for ways to improve your cash flow and results while reducing your expenses. you won’t find a team more dedicated to your success than the team of qualified professionals from cadence.







 join our free insiders group with the
latest industry articles, news and advice.
join now






×

become a part of the cadence insiders group and recieve the lastest industry news and advice exclusive to our subscribers.


leave this field empty if you're human:  









 cadence accounting and
advisors providing expert
business advice
a proactive solution for businesses
cadence accountants and advisors was originally formed when o’shaughnessy & associates and tiernan parsons realised that together their businesses could provide a full range of pragmatic and flexible services for their clients.
we believe that our clients want well thought out plans, business advice and strategies that are proactive and don’t want us to stick to only providing the more mundane accounting skills. our clients want to know how they can improve their situation long before their next tax return is due!
by merging our two companies we provide the additional services businesses are searching for. by significantly increasing our manpower, we’ve widened our skill base and deepened our business knowledge with 4 principals, 11 accountants, a dedicated financial planner and 6 of the best administrators in the industry.
our 4 principals have over 120 years of business experience between them. we continue to be forward thinking and are ready at the forefront of business technology to use the tools and ideas to help your business improve.


  






 cadence services go beyond accounting
our clients demand proactive advice delivered with unparalleled expertise. we deliver!




  providing proactive business advice
we will always ensure that we look beyond the balance sheet and offer advice that will help businessses become stronger both now and for the future.
  read more  



  superannuation: doesn’t need to be the end of the road
we understand that you often have big dreams for re-tire ment. we provide the advice that will help those dreams come true.
  read more  



  financial & estate planning
there’s nothing worse than building a business and then losing it because you didn’t plan for the unthinkable: death or injury. we help by laying out your options now and going into the future.
  read more  



  mortgage broking & lending
we help you to buy your home or business property using the most tax effecient way. if you need assistance with mortgages and loans we have connections to ensure you get the best deal you can.
  read more  



  accounting and taxation compliance: vital services to keep your business operating
we recognize that compliance and accounting is probably not something you’re very excited about. however, we have people who understand the nuances of it and can make sure you are compliant and pay your taxes in the most efficient way.
  read more  



  cloud services: helping your business be more effective
we provide cloud accounting services, reducing our paper usage and ensuring you have easy access to our support wherever and whenever you need it. at the same time we help you build processes and systems to take advantage of developments in technology to make business better for everyone.
  read more  




find out more about our services





 our certified team will deliver the highest
quality services for you
you can feel confident in working with a team of certified advisors and accountants who are qualified to deliver results for your business.



  
  
  
  
  
  






 


 ready to talk to a forward thinking firm
that does more than just your taxes?



contact us










 get in touch
we’re ready to help small and medium businesses grow more profitably.
get in touch today to find out how we can transform your business.



 













 


call us today 03 9813 2933
suite 502, level 5, 697 burke road, camberwell, vic 3124












    



office details
suite 502, level 5, 697 burke road,
camberwell vic 3124
 03 9813 2933 


resources
why us
about
services
blog
contact
 

follow us

    
    
    

  site map  




stay informed with our latest industry news!



leave this field empty if you're human:  



 ©2018 cadence accountants + advisors . all rights reserved  |   privacy policy and disclaimer   |   designed by. 











































































































































































