


the truth will set you free
























  saturday, december 06, 2014



	 i'm back
    


hello, friends.

i'm back, after a very long hiatus, some of which i spent, more recently, blogging out of the closet, if you will, on facebook (yes! of all places!), as my real self, the disclosure of which i will leave for another occasion.

but, i won't be blogging here. i have a new site: shareverything.com

i hope that you'll join me there as you did here, sharing with me and the world the benefit of your insights and experiences.

much love,

qrs



posted by qrswave @ saturday, december 06, 2014  
      

 
120 comments






  tuesday, april 16, 2013



	 mossad pulls off boston marathon attacks
    



let us ponder the conspiracy, which point to mossad in its use of deceptive tactics involving the special access to plant the explosives that killed the few innocents and maimed over a hundred victims.
boston marathon attack is, as i put it, america's equivalent of 7/7/2005 attack in london.one surprising thing about the attack is, it was barely military-grade in terms of the depth of the explosives that would amass the kill counts. this contrasts the 2002 bali attack that killed and maimed the inordinate number of australian victims. 
i doubt the fbi and the white house, being compromised enough as is through their relationship with israel, give a shit when they know or suspect, upon discovery, mossad is involved in the attacks, the past and the present, whether directly or indirectly. indirect means using the patsy (i.e. useful idiot) through the fronts to plant the bombs as the smokescreen.
as the motto of the mossad makes clear of their clandestine agenda to induce the coming tyranny of the new world order, which is headquartered in the state of israel, "by way of deception, thou shalt do war."
* * * *

of the mossad, the israeli intelligence service, the sams officers say: "wildcard. ruthless and cunning. has capability to target u.s. forces and make it look like a palestinian/arab act." - u.s. army sams dossier, mentioned by the neo-conservative newspaper washington times on september 10, 2001 (one day before the terror attacks, manned by the remote control to hijack and steer the aircrafts to crash into the intended targets; flight 93 was likely destined to hit the dome of the u.s. capitol). preserved washington times article.

u.s. army officers - 'mossad
may blame arabs' - american free press

former mi6 chief on mossad's ruthless and cunning ways: 'u.k. didn't always feel safe sharing intelligence with israel'



the confession of how they want to destroy america, by any means necessary to establish oppression and tyranny through the art of deception, treason and murder:

"once we squeeze all we can out of the united states, it can dry up and blow away." - israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu, supposedly said to the jewish supporters following the visit to the convicted traitor jonathan pollard's jail cell, circa 2002. (overheard by the ex-cia agent.)
* * *
"we are benefiting from one thing, and that is the attack on the twin towers and pentagon, and the american struggle in iraq," ma'ariv quoted the former prime minister [binyamin netanyahu] as saying. he reportedly added that these events "swung american public opinion in our favor." (context: ex-idf israeli-american overheard through the "grapevine" the meeting with the israelis, spoken in hebrew, on readying the execution of 9-11 attacks at the jewish cemetery in new jersey, in 2000.)
* * *
asked tonight what the attack meant for relations between the united states and israel, benjamin netanyahu, the former prime minister, replied, ''it's very good.'' then he edited himself: ''well, not very good, but it will generate immediate sympathy.'' he predicted that the attack would ''strengthen the bond between our two peoples, because we've experienced terror over so many decades, but the united states has now experienced a massive hemorrhaging of terror.'' - new york times, september 12, 2001: a day of terror: the israelis; spilled blood is seen as bond that draws 2 nations closer
* * *
how israeli zionists control united states of america, as benjamin netanyahu admits in the videotape secretly recorded with the record light turned off.



sad as the recent event is, america will always be in the dark, so long as they purposefully and cheerfully, through self-deception, ignore the complicity of the mossad and its network of terrorists.

proof israel did 9-11.





posted by nepos libertas @ tuesday, april 16, 2013  
      

 
35 comments






  tuesday, april 12, 2011



	 9-11 - a date awaited by the rabbinate for the past 400 years?
    


the following diatribe is from a christian zionist site at http://www.etpv.org/2001/gosea.html

in  it, the writers, who appear to be dispensationalist in their outlook,  mention that rabbis in israel have been awaiting the date of 9-11 for  the past 400 years.  the date of 9-11-1999 (rosh hashanah) began the  period of the "judgement of nations", whic culminated in the september  11th, 2001 attack.  other dates, covering events such as the death of  syria's assad and the camp david accords are also mentioned, which  should interest anyone who has been keeping track of the odd  "coincidental" dates that seem to accompany recent disasters and other  significant world events.  

september 11 of the year one in the jewish calendar is the birth date of adam.

the 6000th anniversary of adam's creation is    september 11, 1999.  
the following is a long essay, so for those who wish to skim, the more interesting passages are in boldface. -----------------------------------------------------------------------
god's seasons 
nancy white - billye brim

excerpted from nancy white's inp-team newsletter:

"two days--and watching the moeds (god's appointed times)" by billye brim (copied from the glory watch, autumn 2001.)


the significance of september 11, 1999--september 11, 2001 --judgment of nations begins.


a long anticipated prophetic time period began on  rosh hashanah, september 11, 1999. since then, god's moeds are fast  ticking off one by one, right on schedule.

what is a moed?

the first mention of this hebrew word is in:

genesis  1:14 "and god said, 'let there be lights  in the firmament of the  heaven to divide the day from the night; and let  them be for signs, and  for seasons (moedim or moeds), and for days, and  years."

(the sun, moon, planets, & stars are for signs & seasons, days & years of the appointed times.)

moed means: "appointed time, fixed time; appointed place or meeting."

god  is an eternal being not limited by time. but  for his redemptive  dealings with man, he cut out a portion of eternity,  so to speak, and  called it time. time's end was predetermined from its  beginning. time  is marked with moeds--god's foreordained appointments.

leviticus  23:2, 4 "speak unto the children of  israel, and say unto them, 'the  moeds of the lord, which you shall  proclaim holy convocations, these my  moeds...

"these are the moeds of the lord, holy convocations, which you shall proclaim in their moeds (appointed times)'."

you  may want to read leviticus 23 and mark your  bible where it is used so  you can realize the impact of how god was  designating appointed  times--fixed dates one can circle on a  calendar--in his great  redemptive plan.

passover  (pesach), pentecost (shavuot), and  tabernacles (succot) are marked out  in leviticus 23. we already have  seen how passover & pentecost  have known great redemptive  fulfillment (through the life of jesus).

tabernacles  is yet to be revealed to the world at  large when the nations will be  required to worship the king through the  celebration of the feast of  tabernacles at jerusalem. (zechariah 14:16  & 17.)

god  is a sign-giving god. but one has to know how  to read his signs--how  to watch his calendar. how to watch moeds  prophesied throughout the  word of god. how to watch date patterns in the  history of israel.

god's signature often appears in an event in relation to the date of the happening.

for  instance, the berlin wall fell on november 9,  1989. on november 9,  1938, hitler's government broke the windows of  almost every german  synagogue and viciously beat any jews who tried to  protect their  sanctuaries. kristallnacht, the night of the broken glass,  tested how  the world would react and fueled the progression of the  horror of the  holocaust.

communism reared  its ugly head of power on the  back of lenin's so-called "october  revolution". but it was only an  october revolution by the julian, or  old style, calendar that was used  in russia.

in  1918, the soviet government adopted the  gregorian or new style  calendar. therefore the dates of the revolution,  october 24 - 25, 1917  translate to november 5 - 6, 1917. the  soviet government annually  celebrated communism's triumph on the  november dates.

(note:  under russia's president putin, november  2000, they have returned to  the celebration of the old communist dates.  putin said this was to  honor their forefathers, or else their lives  would have been lived in  vain.)

so--near the 50th  anniversary of kristallnacht,  and the 70th anniversary of communism, a  judgment fell, not at the hands  of an army or of an earthly  super-power, but at the hand of god. (the  berlin wall fell at the  appointed time.)

the day everything changed


for some time before the day arrived, i  heard  biblical scholars and jews talking about the importance of rosh   hashanah, september 11, 1999.

rosh  hashanah is literally translated head of the  year, and is the  beginning of the civil new year as marked on god's  calendar in  leviticus 23:24 and numbers 29:1.

numbers  29:1 "and in the seventh month, on the  first day of the month, you  shall have a holy convocation. you shall do  no customary work. for you  it is a day of blowing the trumpets..."

(the  hebrew calendar is not like ours, so the  seventh month would be in  september. blowing the trumpets, known as the  feast of trumpets, is a  9-11 call to alert the people to prepare their  hearts for yom kippur,  the day of atonement for the nation, a day of  national repentance.)

early in 1999, the lord spoke to me and said, "something is going to happen in israel in september. and i want you to be there."

it  was september 9, 1999, that we learned about  the property in migdal.  just a few days later, lynne hammond, walter  & lucy mckee, and i  took off for israel to see the hotel on the sea  of galilee and to pray  about whether it was god's will and his purpose  for us to acquire it.

on  that trip we visited torah scholars in  jerusalem and asked them about  rosh hashanah, september 11, 1999. why  all the talk about it?


jewish scholars from various groups  gave us the  same answer. their eyes lit up as they told us the sages  had been  waiting for this day for 400 years!


september 11, 1999--the year that everything changes-- beginning of the judgment of the nations

"what  does it mean?" i asked. they told us that it  marks the beginning of  "the year that everything changes". that it  marks the time of the  beginning (of the conclusion) of the "judgment of  the nations".

the  next summer on june 10, 2000 as i stood  preaching, someone handed me a  note. it said that hafaz al assad, the  ruler of syria, had just  dropped dead during a telephone conversation  with the president of  lebanon.

i thought of assad's  hatred for israel and his  driving ambition to regain the golan. i  thought of how prime minister  barak and the world were beating a path  to assad's door to try to make a  deal on the golan.

but most of all, i thought of what the jewish  scholar said about the judgment of the nations. later,  i realized that  assad died on pentecost, (shavuot)--and, perhaps, even  more telling--on  the 33rd anniversary of the day that he lost the  golan to israel in the  six-day war of 1967.

so--the  next time i was in israel, i went to one  of my jewish sources, (those  involved in rebuilding the temple), and  asked, "do you think assad's  death on such a date (one of god's moeds)  had to do with the judgment  of the nations?"


he gestured in the affirmative with an action of his head and hand that i have observed only among the jews.

end of the 2 days--(2000 years)-- of the diaspora

he  verbally answered my question with a question,  "what do you think  about the 2 days ending on the day the camp david ii  accords fell  apart?"

"what!" i exclaimed. "the two days ended? when? how can you tell?"

you  see i had been preaching about the 2 days of  hosea chapters 5  & 6 for almost 15 years. i knew they were 2000  years in length  and we were generally at the end of the time-frame. but  every time i  preached it, i knew i had no idea exactly when they began,  and when  they would end.
briefly, to catch you up on the teaching...

(scriptures added so you can see the context)

hosea's prophesy of the scattering

hosea  5:1-3, 14-15 "hear this o priests! take heed  o house of israel! give  ear, o house of the king! for yours is the  judgment, because you have  been a snare to mizpah, and a net spread on  tabor.

"the  revolters are deeply involved in slaughter  (sacrifice of the  innocents). though i rebuke them all, i know ephraim,  and israel is not  hidden from me; for now, o ephraim, you commit  harlotry. israel is  defiled."

"for i will be like  a lion to ephraim, and like a  young lion to the house of judah. i,  even, i, will tear them (like a  lion tearing them) and go away; i will  take them away, and no one will  rescue them.

"i  will return again to my place till they  acknowledge their offense.  then they will seek my face; in their  affliction, they will earnestly  seek me."

revival at end of the 2nd day--beginning of the 3rd day:

hosea  6:1-2 "come, and let us return to the lord;  for he has torn, but he  will heal us; he has stricken, but he will bind  us up. after 2 days, he  will revive us. on the 3rd day, he will raise us  up, that we may live  in his sight.

"let us know,  let us pursue the knowledge of the  lord, his going forth is established  as the morning; he will come to us  like the rain, like the latter and  former rain to the earth."

the two days in the new testament

peter,  the apostle to the circumcised (jews),  wrote two letters to believers  among the jewish diaspora (i peter 1:1.  ii peter 3:1)

peter  reveals that a period of time will elapse  between his departure and  the coming of the lord, a long time during  which false prophets will  appear. peter points to the prophetic books of  the hebrew scripture to  know the time of the fulfillment of the  promises (1:19-21; 3:2)

key to unlocking the time frame of this prophecy:

he then points out the key to unlocking the timing of the prophecies:

ii  peter 3:8 "but, beloved, be not ignorant of  this one thing, that one  day is with the lord as a thousand years, and a  thousand years as one  day."

the jewish believers  knew which prophets that  peter was referring to, and that the prophets  spoke of the days in  relation to the length of the diaspora. they knew  immediately that it  was a reference to the prophet hosea.

(jesus  and all the prophets set the ingathering of  the diaspora as the key to  the timing of the setting up of the  millennial kingdom.)

i  have since learned that hosea was one of the  most relied upon prophets  as the jews looked to know the time of the  messianic redemption.

in  hosea 4, 5, and 6, god deals with the sins and  the resulting  punishment-- the scattering-- or as translated into greek,  the diaspora  of his people.

deuteronomy 28:64 prophesied that the scattering would be "from one end of the earth even unto the other."

the  prophets warned of the scattering long before  it occurred. but with  every warning of the scattering, the diaspora,  there was a promise of  an ingathering before the coming of the messianic  kingdom.

hosea gave a picture of inescapable punishment.

hosea 4:17: "ephraim is joined to idols; let him alone."

in  some ways, ephraim is still joined to  idols--but things will be sorted  out soon, as the nations are judged for  their idolatry and their  jealousies are purified by fire. a righteous  remnant is among them.

god scatters both houses in the diaspora

hosea shows that both houses would fall-- the house of israel as well as the house of judah.

hosea  5:5 "the pride of israel testifies to his  face. therefore, israel  & ephraim stumble in their iniquity; judah  also stumbles with  them. with their flocks & herds, they shall go to  seek the  lord, but they will not find him; he has withdrawn himself  from them."

though god scattered, he promised their restoration

(hosea 5:14-15 and hosea 6:1-3. scriptures previously quoted in this article, follow in this sequence.

because  god withdrew from them, he tore them in  pieces like a lion for their  abominations and left them to be scattered  till their punishment was  fulfilled. then he promised to raise them up  after 2 days (2000 years).

on the 3rd day, the millennial reign, he promised to raise them up to live in his sight as a mighty restored nation.)

ephraim  was shredded till he was not easily  identifiable, but judah though  torn, kept the earmark of the sabbath.  therefore, everyone identified  the jews, the southern house as israel,  forgetting that ephraim was the  northern house.

so--i had  preached all of this. but i did not know  how to determine the end of  the 2 days--until that day when the jewish  scholar asked me, "what do  you think of the 2 days ending on the exact  day the camp david ii  accords fell apart?"

camp david ii and the fasts of tamuz and av

us  president bill clinton convened a middle east  summit at camp david in  maryland in july 2000. israeli prime minister  barak, yasser arafat, and  clinton arrived on july 11 and talks to  salvage the ill-advised --for  they were opposite to the revealed will of  god in the scriptures--oslo  accords began.

on july 20,  however, president clinton's spokesman  announced, "the summit has come  to a conclusion without reaching an  agreement."


july 20, 2000 on the jewish calendar was the 17th of tamuz--or as it is known "the fast of tamuz".

what is the fast of tammuz?

(note:  there is a counterfeit "fast" to every god  appointed fast. when israel  sinned by putting idols dedicated to devils  into the temple, the fast  of tammuz evolved. jewish women wept for  tammuz--a pagan practice.

no  wonder destruction followed them through the  centuries during the  "fast of tammuz". instead of calling upon jehovah,  they were  worshipping the queen of heaven and her son, the counterfeit  savior,  tammuz. this dates back to the idolatrous religion of egypt.

during  this time, the temple of god became a  temple to idols. the jewish  priests began to worship the sun and faced  toward the east.

since  the jews began this practice in god's holy  temple--is it any wonder  that today, the men of islam worship toward the  rising of the sun on  this very spot where the jews allowed the pure  worship of god to  degenerate into idolatry? legal ground was given to  devils at that  time, and they still inhabit the temple mount, though  that spot belongs  to jehovah, and his shekinah glory is also there. it  can be seen at  the wailing wall.

ezekiel 8:14-16 (ezekiel's vision of the desecration of the temple)

"then  he brought me to the door of the gate of the  lord's house which was  toward the north: and behold, to my dismay,  there sat women weeping for  tammuz. then he said to me: 'have you seen  this, o son of man? turn  again, and you will see greater abominations  than these.

"so  he brought me into the inner court of the  lord's house; and there, at  the door of the temple of the lord, between  the porch and the altar,  were about 25 men with their backs toward the  temple of the lord, and  their faces were toward the east, and they were  worshipping the sun  toward the east."

so the  "fast of tamuz" was a heathen practice, and  as long as israel keeps  this fast, destruction will continue to plague  them. surely god has  something better, as we shall see, through his  appointed moeds.

ramadan,  the muslim fast in november is another  example of this. fasting or  observing a "holiday" empowers the spirits  of the god you worship to  inhabit you. ramadan lasts an entire month,  and it culminates in a "day  of destiny" when special powers or visions  are imparted.

another  example is christmas. christians honor the  birth of jesus and that is  good. pagan practices enter in, however, if  we are not alert to the  history of this day. every holy day of jehovah  has a pagan counterfeit.  in paganism, babies are sacrificed on  christmas, to mock the birth of  the savior.

we must ask  ourselves, "do we worship jesus, or  the spirit of "christmas?' if we  worship "christmas" instead of the  savior, a spirit of greed and  competition enters. a time that should be  joyful becomes a worrisome  time of rush and feeling like we have to give  and get expensive gifts  or we have failed.

this  christmas, let's keep our eyes on god's gift,  jesus, and not let our  joy be stolen. god loves a cheerful giver--if we  are unable to give  cheerfully, we might as well not give. refuse to be  condemned or  controlled by the world's spirit of christmas, which is not  the freedom  of the holy spirit.

it is  interesting that november begins with  halloween, the end of october.  halloween is the "birthday of satan". to  celebrate halloween is to give  demons legal ground into your soul &  your family. the first 2  weeks of november are high days of satanic  activity. is it a coincidence that ramadan begins during this time  period?

god's  true moeds-- passover, pentecost, & tabernacles--must be  re-instated fully by christians & the jewish people.

the history of other fast days (holidays), not given to moses, need to be re-examined by both christians & jews.

jesus  was in the temple during the "feast of  lights" (hannukah). it is not  wrong to celebrate these days if our  hearts are pure, and we realize  the true significance of the holiday,  and we worship the true god.

we  have just celebrated thanksgiving, the time to  be thankful for god's  blessings. in a history book that i read about,  secularist historians  wrote that the pilgrims gave thanks to the indians  (not to god) for  saving them from starvation. there is an active  element in our society  that tries to take the glory from jehovah,  stripping all references to  god out of our educational system.

satan  has a counterfeit for all of god's  moeds--appointed times --given as  signs through the sun, moon, &  stars. --end of note.)

(back to billye brim's article.)

fast of av--tisha b'av

i  also want to point out here that august 10, 2000  was the 9th of av on  the jewish calendar--also known as the fast of av,  or tisha b'av.

for  many years, the jews have fasted--not  feasted--on these 2 dates: fast  of tammuz & tisha b'av, because of  their biblical and  historical significance. they have fasted in  mourning.

(note: if god's true moeds--appointed times: passover, pentecost, tabernacles are observed--who needs these other fast days?

it  is okay to remember the days of past  destruction. but without coming  to god in true repentance and  acknowledging his true moeds--all these  other fastings are in vain and  in fact, they compound the problem,  because they give honor to the god  of destruction, not the god who  brings salvation.

zechariah 8 mentions both fasts --fast of tamuz & fast of tisha b'av.

on  precisely the same date, the 9th of av, both  the first and the second  temples were destroyed. on that same date,  other tragic events have  befallen the jews: in 1290, they were expelled  from england; in 1492,  they were expelled from spain, in 1914, archduke  ferdinand was shot  leading to wwi and wwii with its atrocities.

the  first recorded biblical happening on the 9th  of av was when the jews  received the report of the 10 spies at kadesh  barnea and they refused  to possess the promised land. (numbers 13). the  rabbis teach that their  lack of faith resulted in the subsequent  tragedies on that date.

as  to the 17th of tamuz, babylon and rome besieged  jerusalem and breached  the walls on the 17th of tamuz. the first  biblical occurrence on the  17th of tamuz was when moses saw the golden  calf and smashed the  tablets on which god wrote the ten commandments.

(note:  this first occurrence of 17th of tammuz was  a celebration of idolatry  by the israelites, a throw-back to the gods  of egypt. it angered moses  to the point of dashing the 10 commandments  of stone.)

the torah scholar (my jewish source) said to me, "the talks fell apart on exactly the date the 2 days ended."

"how do you figure that?" i asked.

"it's easy." and again he answered me with a question. "how long has it been since the second temple was destroyed?"

i  knew titus the roman destroyed it in 70 ad doing  a little subtraction,  taking 70 from 2000, i answered, "it has been  1930 years."

"right," he replied. "and how long were we without a temple in the babylonian captivity?"

"seventy years," i said.

"right, now add it together."


this time i added the 70 years after  the  babylonian destruction and scattering, to the 1930 years since the  roman  destruction and scattering. "2000!" i exclaimed.

"that's right." he replied. "two days."

another long-awaited moed was fulfilled and recorded right before the world's eyes through the cameras and print of the media.

(july  20, 2000, president clinton of the usa,  arafat of palestinian  authority, & barak of israel. no agreement to  salvage the peace  oslo accords could be made--the 2000 years were up.  even though the  nations try to keep israel from its destiny--they will  not be able.)
(end of article by billye brim) 


summary of facts about september 11th:


it is interesting that september 11,  1999, rosh  hashanah, had been anticipated by rabbis who studied the  scriptures, for  400 years. this date marked the beginning of the  judgment of the  nations.

billye  brim who had gone to israel to buy the  hotel on the mountain of  migdal, visited with ariel sharon during those  days in september, 1999,  and he read ezekiel 36 in her presence. he said  "this is being  fulfilled this day."

ezekiel 36:1 "and you, son of man, prophesy to the mountains of israel."--

this  passage is too long to print here but every  serious student should  read it. god says because the mountains of israel  have been claimed by  the nations of the world and israel has been  slandered, that israel is  to prophesy to the mountains, and god will  reap judgment on the nations  who have falsely claimed israel's  territory.

there  is a condition here--the prophets must  prophesy to the mountains in  order for god to reap the judgment on their  enemies. god said he would  not vindicate them because of their  goodness, but to vindicate his  name.

ezekiel 36:22  "therefore say to the house of  israel, 'thus says the lord god: 'i do  not do this for your sake, o  house of israel, but for my holy name's  sake, which you have profaned  among the nations wherever you went."

ariel  sharon is a man of the book, and god led him  to read this portion of  scripture to billye brim who was in the process  of buying a mountain in  israel to give back to israel as god's prayer  mountain in the galilee!  the moed date, was either september 11 or  september 13, 1999.

september 11-13, 2000 marked the beginning of the  current intifada in israel. the  uprising had already been planned by the  palestinians, but they  started it officially when ariel sharon visited  the temple mount. the  pa conveniently blamed it on his visit. this date  is significant--it  was one year from the date that ariel sharon and  billye brim read this  passage and prophesied to the mountains.

september 11, 2001, brought america into the  picture more solidly,  by giving america a wake-up call. america has a  chance to shine as  never before. we must defend the mountains of israel  and quit giving  them away. we must pray for our leaders to stay in the  right lane, so  that our nation remains a sheep nation. satan's plan is  to make us a  goat nation.

our leaders  are supporting the establishment of a  palestinian state--which is well  & good only if the palestinians  would leave israel alone. however,  the mindset of islam, the arab  nations, and arafat and his followers  is to totally annihilate israel.  the planned palestinian state would  engulf israel and strangle her,  except for divine intervention.


america will be judged severely by god for  dividing the land and giving it to the enemies of israel,  if this  situation is not turned around. let's continue to press into  prayer for  our leaders that they will be in the center of god's perfect  will, which  is for them to stand strong in behalf of israel.

pray our leaders stay close to god

proverbs 21:1 "the king's heart is in the hand of the lord; like rivers of water; he turns it wherever he wishes."

the  demise of mt. seir or edom is promised in  ezekiel 35. edomites are the  descendents of esau, jacob's twin brother.  they have hated israel all  these years. god promises to destroy them  because they have not  repented of their hatred and that they continue to  shed the blood of  israel even after "their (israel's) iniquity came to  an end".

ezekiel  35:5 speaks about the end of israel's  iniquity, which is the end of  the diaspora, the end of the 2 days of  being scattered.

so  let us all read ezekiel 36 and begin  prophesying to the mountains of  israel: "o mountains of israel, hear the  word of the lord...." godly  jews have this chapter memorized, and they  do prophesy to the  mountains.

this prophesying  can bring judgment on  america---but we all know that 9-11 was a wake-up  call for major  repentance. god does not want to destroy america--he  wants us to repent  and stand for his covenant. he wants us to arise  & shine his light  to the nations. he wants us to stand with  israel.


september 11, 2001 was 2 years after  september 11,  1999, "the day everything changed" and the judgment of  the nations  began. three years in a row: 1999, 2000, & 2001,  september 11 has  been significant.


the oslo accords were signed september 11-13, 1993 at camp david, 7 years before the current islamic intifada began in israel.


the 7- year peace treaty ended  specifically on  time. it was the beginning of the current uprising--the  time of jacob's  trouble has begun.

3. inp-team letter. summary of this issue

i  corinthians 10:32 "give none offence, neither to  the jews, nor to the  gentiles, nor to the church of god." three people  groups to watch. god  deals with all of them in the end-times.

dear inp-team,

in  order to understand current world events, it is  necessary to  understand god's covenant with israel, both from the old  testament  prophets and the new testament writers.

one  of the purposes of inp-team newsletter is to  watch the fig tree,  israel, and to share understandings about her place  in prophecy.

in  this issue, we have shared about god's moeds,  appointed times for  specific things to take place, from billye brim's  teachings. i do not  know billye personally, but i have followed her  ministry for many  years. i have learned you can go to the bank with her  teachings--which  are always backed up with the specific prophecy in the  old testament or  a new testament insight.

in  the 70's, billye says that the lord showed her i  corinthians 10:32,  which is quoted as the heading for this letter. she  said that the holy  spirit said to her: "if you will remember this verse  of scripture, it  will keep your end-time doctrine straight."

to  finish this teaching on god's covenant with  israel, i have gathered  the following scriptures with comments. although  this lengthens this  newsletter, it is a completion of the  picture--which is necessary in  order to co-ordinate the new testament  teaching with the old.

i  hope it turns on a light for those of you that  think the church has  replaced israel. in one way, we have, but in  another way--we have not.  for either israel or the church to have a  superior attitude is an  error. god's plan encompasses both.

god  is showing us the mystery of the dispensation  of the fullness of  times. it includes all his promises to both spiritual  & natural  israel. the church is an interlude in the history of  israel. we find  our true significance when we see the over-all plan.

ephesians  1:7-10 "in him we have redemption  through his blood, the forgiveness  of sins, according to the riches of  his grace which he made to abound  toward us in all wisdom &  prudence. having made known to us the  mystery of his will, according to  his good pleasure which he purposed  in himself,

"that in the  dispensation of the fullness of the  times, he might gather together in  one all things in christ, both which  are in heaven and which are on  earth--in him."

read with understanding. the future of our nation depends on it.

blessings to all who read. nancy white

"god's covenants with israel--old & new"

here is moses' song which was to be taught to the children of israel as a witness against them...

deuteronomy  32:1-44. the song was to be passed  down from generation to generation  as a witness against israel from god.  if israel would be faithful to  sing the song of moses, they would know  the truth about god's covenant  with them. it was a prophecy by moses  concerning the latter days of  israel.

deuteronomy 32:1-15 --god's blessing is upon israel while they have no other gods but jehovah.

prosperity caused israel to take blessings for granted
deuteronomy 32:15-20 --the prophecy about jeshurun.

--'jeshurun'--another  name for israel, meaning  'upright, blessed, nourished by god'--will  get fat and take his covenant  blessings lightly. fat implies rich,  lazy, proud in prosperity, &  unconcerned about holy character  & covenant with god. fatness takes  blessings for granted.

"but jeshurun waxed fat, and kicked: you are waxed fat, you are grown thick; you are covered with fatness;

"then  he forsook god which made him, and lightly  esteemed the rock of his  salvation. they provoked him to jealousy with  strange gods, with  abominations they provoked him to anger.

idolatry caused them to forget jehovah

"they  sacrificed unto devils, not to god; to gods  whom they knew not--gods  that came newly up, whom your father feared  not. of the rock that begat  you, you are unmindful, and you have  forgotten god that formed you.

"and  when the lord saw it, he abhorred them,  because of the provoking of  his sons and daughters. and he said, i will  hide my face from them, i  will see what their end shall be: for they are  a very  froward--self-centered self-willed--generation, children in whom  is no  faith."

the church, "a foolish nation", prophesied by moses

deuteronomy  32:21 "they have moved me to jealousy,  with that which is not god;  they have provoked me to anger with their  vanities: and i will move  them to jealousy with 'those which are not a  people' ; i will provoke  them to anger with 'a foolish nation'.

"for  a fire is kindled in my anger, and shall burn  unto the lowest hell,  and shall consume the earth with her increase,  and set on fire the  foundations of the mountains. i will heap mischiefs  upon them; i will  spend my arrows upon them...."
(who is  this foolish nation that will provoke  israel to jealousy-- this people  who are not a people? --it is the  church, the body of christ.)

israel's zeal for god, not according to knowledge

romans  10:1-4 "brethren, my heart's desire and  prayer to god for israel is  that they might be saved. for i bear them  record that they have a zeal  of god but not according to knowledge.

"for  they being ignorant of god's righteousness,  and going about to  establish their own righteousness, they have not  submitted themselves  unto the righteousness of god.

"for christ is the end of the law for righteousness to everyone that believes."

all have heard, but all have not obeyed

romans  10:16-18 "but they have not all obeyed the  gospel. for isaiah said,  'lord, who has believed our report? so then  faith comes by hearing, and  hearing by the word of god. but i say, have  they not heard? yes,  truely, their sound went into all the earth, and  their words unto the  ends of the world.'

(the  world has heard the gospel of jesus  christ--as well as the song of  moses. these are the 2 witnesses in the  earth: the old and the new  covenant--the law of moses & the law of  the spirit of life  through jesus christ.)

israel, a disobedient & gainsaying people

romans 10:19-21
"but i say, 'did not israel know?'
"first  moses said, 'i will provoke you to jealousy  by them that are not a  people, and by a foolish nation i will anger  you.' but isaish is very  bold and he said, 'i was found of them that did  not seek me; i was made  manifest (openly shown) to them that did not  ask after me.

"but to israel he said, "all day long i have stretched forth my hands unto a disobedient and gainsaying people."

has god cast away israel?

romans  11:1-5 "i say then, has god cast away his  people? god forbid! for i  also am an israelite, of the seed of abraham,  of the tribe of benjamin.  god has not cast away his people which he  foreknew.

"don't  you know what the scripture said about  elijah? how he made  intercession to god against israel, saying 'lord,  they have killed your  prophets, and digged down your altars; and i am  left alone, and they  seek my life.'

"but what was  the answer god gave to elijah? 'i  have reserved to myself 7000 men who  have not bowed the knee to the  image of baal. even so then at this  present time also, there is a  remnant according to the election of  grace."

the remnant within israel can see god's plan

romans  11:7-12 "what then? israel (as a whole) has  not obtained that which he  sought for, but the election has obtained  it, and the rest were  blinded.

"according as it is  written: 'god has given them  the spirit of slumber, eyes that they  should not see, and ears that they  should not hear unto this day.

"and  david said, 'let their table be made a snare,  and a trap, and a  stumblingblock, and a recompense unto them; let their  eyes be darkened,  that they may not see, and bow down their back  always.'

israel's unbelief brought salvation to the gentiles

"i  (paul) say then, 'have they stumbled that they  should fall? god  forbid: but rather, through their fall, salvation is  come unto the  gentiles, for to provoke them to jealousy. now if the fall  of them be  the riches of the world, and the diminishing of them is the  riches of  the gentiles, how much more will be their fulness?"

if  the world has prospered during the diminishing  of israel--think about  this: the nations will really be blessed when  israel reigns in the  fulness of its covenant blessing.

but first, god must clean house.

the root of israel is holy

romans  11:13 "for i speak to you gentiles...if by  any means i may provoke to  emulation (jealousy) them which are my flesh,  and might save some of  them. for if the casting away of them be the  reconciling of the world,  what shall the receiving of them be, but life  from the dead?

for if the firstfruit be holy, the lump (sprout, root) is also holy; and if the root be holy, so are the branches."

gentiles in covenant only because of god's new covenant with israel

jesus said, 'i am the vine, and you are the branches."

the  root of the vine is god's covenant with the  children of israel. the  gentile branches have no covenant except as they  abide in the vine  (jesus) who is rooted in israel's covenant. any  church doctrine that  denies god's everlasting covenant with israel is a  false doctrine.

israel was broken off because of unbelief

romans  11:18-24 "boast not against the  branches...because of unbelief they  were broken off, and you stand by  faith. be not highminded, but fear:  for if god spared not the natural  branches, take heed lest he also does  not spare you.
"behold, therefore, the goodness & severity of god--on them which fell --severity, but toward you, goodness.

israel to be grafted back into the good olive tree

"otherwise,  you also shall be cut off. and they  also, if they quit abiding in  unbelief, they shall be grafted in. for  god is able to graft them in  again....for if you were cut out of the  olive tree which is wild by  nature, and were grafted into the good olive  tree--how much more shall  they which are the natural branches, be  grafted into their own olive  tree?"

mystery: the blindness of israel is just till the fulness of the gentiles is completed.

romans  11:25 "for i would not, brothers, that you  should be ignorant of this  mystery, lest you should be wise in your own  conceits; that blindness  in part is happened to israel, until the  fulness of the gentiles be  come in."

fulness of the gentiles

what  is the fulness of the gentiles? the gentiles,  the nations of the  world, are brought into and partake of the blessing  of the knowledge of  god's covenant with israel through his son, jesus  christ.

"whosoever will, let him come, let him drink of the water of life, freely."

also,  the fulness of the gentiles is when the  nations have run their course  in the plan for the ages. it is the end of  the times of the gentiles  and the beginning of the dispensation of the  fulness of times when all  nations have been purged and israel is  restored to its covenant  blessings both spiritually & physically.
the fulness of the gentiles is the bringing of the gentiles into the church as part of the plan of god.

the  times of the gentiles is gentile world  dominion until israel as a  whole accepts christ, and the kingdom is  fully restored to israel.

jerusalem to be trampled by the gentiles till the time of the gentiles is fulfilled.

luke 21:24 (jesus speaking:)

"and  they will fall by the edge of the sword, and  will be led captive into  all the nations, and jerusalem will be trampled  under foot by the  gentiles until the times of the gentiles be  fulfilled"

idolatrous  israel was abhorred by god, divorced,  and dispersed through the  gentile nations, losing their identity as  israel. but through god's  son, jesus christ, israel is being restored  and once again brought into  marriage relationship with god. jerusalem  was to be trampled under  foot by the gentiles until the dispensation of  israel's dispersal  & divorcement was finished--the end of the 2nd  day.

god remarries israel through his son, jesus-- who gave his life for his bride.

ephesians 5:32 "this is a great mystery, but i speak concerning christ and the church."

israel's maker is her husband

isaiah  54:3-5 "you shall break forth on the right  hand and on the left; and  your seed shall inherit the gentiles and make  the desolate cities to be  inhabited.
'fear not; for you shall not  be ashamed, neither  be confounded, for you shall not be put to shame.  for you shall forget  the shame of your youth, and you shall not  remember the reproach of your  widowhood anymore.

"for  your maker is your husband; the lord of hosts  (angelic armies) is his  name; and your redeemer is the holy one of  israel. the god of the whole  earth shall he be called."

(jesus is the fullness of the godhead bodily--he is creator, redeemer, one with the father.)

date setting?

some  christians believe that the feast of  tabernacles, the year of jubilee,  1997, marked the end of the times of  the gentiles, which was a period  of 2700 years., more or less. there is a  period of around 700-800 years  between the dispersal of israel by the  assyrians in 722 bc, the  babylonian captivity of judah in 586 bc and the  destruction of  jerusalem, 70 ad

hence the  2000 years + 700-800 = approximately  2700-2800 years of banishment,  give or take a few years. i don't have  the exact information about  this.
(this date for the drawing to a  close of the times  of the gentiles, tabernacles 1997, does not conflict  with september 11,  1999 which marks the beginning of the judgment of  the nations. these  are transitional periods. in retrospect, you can set  dates, because  history bears it out.

jesus  said no man would know the hour of his  second-coming, except the  father himself--so we are not setting dates on  that. we just know it is  nearer than it was 2000 years ago, and that  the time seems to be very  soon.)

israel restoration ministries


many  israel restoration ministries have moved to  israel, and are working to  bring salvation to both jews & arabs.  jerusalem now has many  born again believers who are claiming the land  for israel and for the  lord.

the tabernacle of david  is being rebuilt through  the praises of his people. christians who  visit israel to worship &  prayer walk the land are part of this  movement.

romans 11:26-29  "and so all israel shall be saved:  as it is written. 'there shall come  out of zion the deliverer, and  shall turn away ungodliness from jacob:  for this is my covenant unto  them, when i shall take away their sins.

"as  concerning the gospel, they are enemies for  your sakes: but as  touching the election, they are beloved for the  fathers' sakes. for the  gifts & calling of god are without  repentance."

gentiles obtained mercy through israel's unbelief
---now israel receives mercy through gentiles ---
all a part of god's plan to have mercy on all.
romans 11:31-36

"even  so, these also have not believed, that  through your mercy they also  may obtain mercy. for god has concluded  them all in unbelief, that he  might have mercy upon all.

"o,  the depth of the riches both of the wisdom and  knowledge of god! how  unsearchable are his judgments, and his ways are  past finding out!
"for  who has known the mind of the lord? or who  has been his counsellor? o  who has first given to him, and it shall be  recompensed unto him again?
"for of him, and through him, and to him, are all things: to whom be glory forever. amen."
(end of chapter 11).

having said all of that--renew your mind so that you can prove the perfect will of god.

romans  12:1 therefore--"i beg you, brothers, by  the mercies of god, that you  present your bodies a living sacrifice,  holy, acceptable unto god,  which is your reasonable service.

"and  be not conformed to this world: but be  transformed by the renewing of  your mind, that you may prove what is  that good, and acceptable, and  perfect will of god!!"

the new covenant--that not any should perish

god's perfect will is for all men to be saved! he is not willing that any perish.
let  us pray and work as never before to win the  lost people groups to  christ--no matter what their ethnic background is.  god loves the jew,  he loves the muslim, he loves dispersed israel that  is now being  ingathered. he loves the whole world. he desires all to  come and be  saved.

the angelic conflict--a war between good & evil
judgments  are in the earth today. also, satan  desires to destroy god's plan for  the kingdom of god to reign over the  earth. there are conflicting  purposes in this struggle for dominion. one  plan enslaves, and the  other plan sets free.
prayers of the  saints can hold back the  destruction of nations so that more people  will come into the freedom of  the knowledge of the kingdom of  god--which is righteousness, peace,  & joy in the holy ghost.

world wars i & ii were satan's plan to destroy israel and the people of god.
world  war iii has also been planned. the world is  ultimately in god's hands  ---but we are his hands on earth. he will  allow what we allow.

he promises to redeem israel, not only spiritually, but physically. (romans 11 and ezekiel 36.)

both houses of israel have failed & deserve punishment
both  houses of israel, ephraim & judah,  screwed up royally--but god  has not forgotten his promises. he will be  made holy in the eyes of  all nations. the nations who sneer and say  israel's god is weak--they  will have a rude awakening soon.
the  messengers of jesus christ see this coming,  but their cry is "grace,  grace"--"god have mercy on your people. thank  you that you remember  your covenant with us."

zechariah  14:1 "behold, the day of the lord is  coming, and your spoil will be  divided in your midst. for i will gather  all nations to battle against  jerusalem ....
"then-- the lord will go forth and fight against those nations, as he fights in the day of battle...."

god will save his people

zechariah  9:11-13, 16 "because of the blood of  your covenant, i will set your  prisoners free...return to the stronghold  (the fortress of safety), you  prisoners of hope. even today, i declare  that i will restore double to  you.

"for i have bent judah,  which is my bow, and i  have fitted the bow with ephraim, and i have  raised up your sons, o  zion, against your sons, o greece, and made you  like the sword of a  mighty man."

"the  lord their god will save them in that day, as  the flock of his people.  for they shall be like the jewels of a crown,  lifted like a banner  over his land--for how great is its goodness, and  how great its  beauty..."

restoration of judah & israel

zechariah  10:1-5 "ask the lord for rain in the  time of the latter rain. the lord  will make flashing clouds; he will  give them showers of rain, grass in  the field for everyone... (spiritual  rain as well as physical.)

"for  the idols speak delusion, and those who have a  spirit of divination  envision lies, and they tell false dreams. they  comfort in vain.  therefore the people (of judah & ephraim) are like  sheep. they  are in trouble because there is no shepherd.

"my anger is kindled against the shepherd, and i will punish the goatherds (those who tend the goat nations).

"for the lord of hosts will visit his flock, the house of judah, and will make them as his royal horse in the battle.

from  him, (judah) comes the cornerstone, (jesus),  and from him, the tent  peg, and from him, the battle bow. from him,  (lion of judah) comes  every ruler together.
"they shall be like mighty men, who tread down their enemies in the mire of the streets in the battle.

"they  shall fight because the lord is with them.  and the riders on horses  shall be put to shame." (in front of those who  ride god's royal  war-horse.)

remember this passage says judah is his royal war-horse.

jehovah's promise to house of judah & house of joseph:
zechariah 10:6-12

"i will strengthen the house of judah. and i will save the house of joseph.
"i  will bring them back, because i have mercy on  them. they shall be as  though i had not cast them aside: for i am the  lord their god. and i  will hear them.
"those of ephraim shall  be like a mighty man, and  their heart shall rejoice as if with wine.  yes, their children shall see  it and be glad; their heart shall rejoice  in the lord.

"i will whistle for them and gather them; and they shall increase as they once increased.

"i  will sow them among the peoples. and they shall  remember me in far  countries; they shall live with their children, and  they shall return.

egypt & assyria will be judged

(the  land of assyrian empire is the present day  iran and iraq, strongholds  of allah. assyria is the nation that  originally conquered ephraim.)

"  i will bring them back from the land of egypt,  (judah's dispersal) and  gather them from assyria (ephraim's dispersal ).  i will bring them  into the land of gilead and lebanon, until no more  room is found for  them....

"the pride of assyria shall be brought down, and the scepter of egypt shall depart.
"so i will strengthen them in the lord, and they shall walk up and down in his name, (yahweh, jehovah)" says the lord."

israel's curse among the nations to be removed

zechariah  8:13 "and it shall come to pass that  just as you were a curse among  the nations, o house of judah and house  of israel, so will i save you,  and you shall be a blessing. do not fear.  let your hands be strong."

the repentance that god requires in order for israel to be blessed:

zechariah  8:15-17 "so i am determined to do good  to jerusalem and to the house  of judah. "do not fear. these are the  things you shall do:

1) speak each man the truth to his neighbor. (quit lying).
2) give judgment in your gates for truth, justice, & peace. (governing authority that gives justice to all)
3) let none of you think evil in your heart against your neighbor. (love god and love your neighbor)
4)  and do not love a false oath." (get rid of  idolatry) (false  oath--initiation vows into secret societies-- let your  yes be 'yes' and  your no be 'no'. anything more is sin.)

" 'for all of these things are things that i hate,' says the lord."

righteous nations will pursue the jews' favor

zechariah  8:23 "thus says the lord of hosts: 'in  those days, 10 men from every  language of the nations shall grasp the  sleeve of a jewish man, saying,  "let us go with you, for we have heard  that god is with you..."

god  wants to bless the children of israel: both  jews & ephraim.  aliens or strangers to the covenant are adopted or  grafted in when they  embrace the god of israel and his promises. no one  with a repentant  heart is excluded.

they all--  (the whole world)-- will behold him  whom they have pierced--jesus  christ, the son of god-- who died for the  sins of all mankind, not just  israel.

john 3:16 "for god  so loved the world that he gave  his only begotten son that whosoever  believes in him shall not perish  but have everlasting life."
our  responsibility is to get into that place of  blessing through  repentance and obedience--and to hang on to the  promises of the  covenant.

it is to turn from  every unclean thing--practices  that bring destruction such as: killing  of innocents (abortion),  perversions, homosexuality, and dabbling with  the occult through  entertainment, false oaths, learning the depths of  satan. (harry potter  is a prime example.)

god will judge the nations for these practices. the judgement has begun.
study  the covenant to israel--it is fulfilled in  the new covenant. god  promised to write his word in our hearts, and he  has! ----------------

if  you pray alone, you are the power of one; each  person you add to the  equation is a power of 10: first added & then  multiplied. the  glory of god is manifest in corporate worship--which is  the highest  form of prayer. we are looking for prayer partners...people  who have a  vision for the glory of god to be manifest in the earth.

nancy white  www.internationalnetworkprayerteam.org



posted by andie531 @ tuesday, april 12, 2011  
      

 
15 comments






  sunday, january 30, 2011



	 actual police report on the "dancing israelis", dated 9-11-2001
    


below are copies of the actual police report on 9-11's "dancing israelis", dated 9-11-2001.  copies may be viewed by clicking on the images and clicking again to enlarge.  the pdf file of the same report is at this link.
































  



posted by andie531 @ sunday, january 30, 2011  
      

 
8 comments






  thursday, december 30, 2010




abu yazan – the 27th of december, a day i will never forget




i feel like sharing my story with my friends to show how much terror israel has brought to us….that day i was walking in the street with a friend of mine in the middle of gaza city…we were laughing at some jokes he was saying…and all of the sudden we heard the roaring of the israeli f16s…it is normal in gaza to hear such things, so we did not pay much attention to that, we kept moving with our jokes….then with a glance, an explosion happened in a police station that was around 150 meters away from us.. we went running to the place when another explosion took place followed by a third, then a fourth, a fifth, we didn’t know what was happening but we didn’t hesitate to keep on going to the first place bombed…we had our hands over our ears because the explosions never ended, it was very loud to the limit you think that you are the one being hit with those rockets.when we arrived at the police station, this is exactly what we saw.. on the door there were two officers lying on the ground injured, when i told the man, “i am going to save you just hang on,” he said, “leave me and get inside”.. i didn’t know what was happening inside, so i went with my friend and with 15 other people following us…we found over 40 bodies lying on the ground dead and about 250 others were injured, most of them had bad injuries…we left the dead and started to take the survivors out of the place fearing that the israeli f16s would bomb the place for another time… most of the survivors were in bad shape, while i was carrying the people, i reached to a person who was badly injured but he looked like he was dead to me, his body was all burned.. he was saying, “ashhad an la elah ela allah, ashhad an mohammed rasool allah”…and that’s what made me notice that he was alive…i just moved towards him and in a hurry tried to take him out of the place, i grabbed him by the hand but the problem was that his hand was not part of his body anymore…i tried from his leg and the same thing happened, his leg just slipped out of his body, so i was there looking at him and knowing that he has no hope. “what shall i do?!” i was saying in a loud voice, i didn’t know how to carry him because each part of his body was a piece and i had to take him out of that place…i had three other people coming towards me and shouting very loud, “lets get him out of here quick,” and that’s what we did…after like fifteen minutes we took all the survivors and the bodies out of the place, we all left, and after 5 minutes…the israeli airplanes just hit the place again…we all were praying that we don’t get hit while we were inside… i moved to the hospital with the last ambulance to see what was happening and believe me what i saw was really disgusting and awful… bodies all lying on the ground… the white suit of all the doctors turned out to red as if they are working in a grocery… this is the day where i decided to work and tell the world about palestine and about the crimes israel commits against palestinians…and every palestinian has his own story, because no one stayed at home that day…everyone wanted to take a role in rescuing the injured. sourcetwo years after gaza war, gaza remains sealed-off, suffering continuestwo years after operation cast lead: gaza remains sealed-off from outside world, impunity for war crimes prevailsahmed zourob receives dialysis treatment at al-shifa hospital in gaza city. because of the siege, his level of treatment is inadequate and he can no longer obtain the medication he needs (pchr)pchr report on gaza war, monday, 27 december 2010 11:30december 27, 2010, marks the two-year anniversary of the beginning of operation cast lead, israel’s 23 day offensive on the gaza strip. this offensive – the single most brutal event in the history of the occupation – was characterised by systematic violations of international law. its aftermath has been characterised by pervasive impunity.in total, 1,419 palestinians were killed. 83% of the dead – the overwhelming majority – were civilians, the so-called ‘protected persons’ of international humanitarian law. a further 5,300 were injured, and public and private property throughout the gaza strip was extensively targeted and destroyed.the palestinian centre for human rights (pchr) notes that in the two years since the offensive there have been no concrete steps taken towards the fulfilment of victims’ legitimate rights to the equal protection of the law and an effective judicial remedy. customary international law and the treaty-based obligations which all states have entered into are unequivocal: if a war crime has been committed, those responsible must be investigated and prosecuted in accordance with international standards. they must be held to account.numerous reports of international and national human rights organisations – including those of the un fact-finding mission on the gaza conflict (the ‘goldstone report’), the independent fact-finding mission mandated by the arab league, amnesty international and human rights watch – concluded that war crimes were committed in the gaza strip, and noted that criminal accountability must be the legal consequence.the goldstone report detailed explicit mechanisms to ensure such criminal accountability. as required by customary international law, genuine domestic investigations must be initiated. after six months, if these investigations failed to comply with international standards, the security council – acting under chapter vii of the un charter – must refer the situation to the international criminal court.it is now two years since the offensive, and no effective domestic investigations or prosecutions have been initiated.as pchr has documented, israel has systematically failed to ensure accountability. in the two years since operation cast lead, the actions of the israeli authorities have been characterised by a desire to shield those responsible from justice. only three soldiers have been convicted of committing offensive-related crimes. one soldier was sentenced to seven-months in jail for the theft of a credit card. two other soldiers were convicted of using a 9 year old boy as a human shield. they were given a 3 month suspended sentence.this is an insult to victims and to the universal rule of law.the international community’s response has been silence; through inaction they have implicitly endorsed israel’s actions during operation cast lead and the impunity that has followed. they have implicitly endorsed the systematic and widespread commission of international crimes.the rule of law, and victims’ rights, have been sacrificed in the name of politics.this situation must not be allowed to prevail.the consequences of impunity are evident in the continuing and escalating violations of international law committed in the occupied palestinian territory.the consequences of impunity are evident in the fact that the entire gaza strip continues to be subject to an illegal closure. for over 3.5 years, 1.7 million people have been collectively punished and cut off from the outside world. impunity, and the international community’s failure to prevent this ongoing crime, has resulted in the distinct possibility that the closure will become institutionalised, and effectively endorsed by the united nations and the international community.the consequences of impunity are evident in the expansion of illegal settlements in the west bank; in the continued construction of the wall; and in the house demolitions and evictions carried out in occupied east jerusalem.equally, the consequences of sacrificing the rule of international law in the name of ‘political progress’ are evident in the abject failure of the oslo process.it is imperative that the international community fulfil its legal obligations, and ensure respect for international law. those suspected of committing international crimes must be investigated and prosecuted. israel must be held responsible for its internationally wrongful acts.impunity serves only to encourage continued violations of international law. without accountability, how can the civilians of the gaza strip feel safe again? british  secret file confirms israeli nukesa newly released british  document confirms that israel has possessed nuclear weapons for more  than three decades.secret files released by britain's  national archives said on  wednesday that british officials feared tel  aviv would use its nuclear  weapons in case of another war with arab  countries in the region.israel, which is considered as the sole  possessor of nuclear weapons  in the middle east, has never confirmed  or denied that it has produced  nuclear warheads. it has also refused to  sign the nuclear  non-proliferation treaty. it has also adamantly  rejected international  inspection of its nuclear facilities.former  us president jimmy carter acknowledged for the first time in  may 2008  that tel aviv has 150 nuclear warheads in its arsenals.in 1986,  israeli nuclear technician, mordechai vanunu, leaked the news that  israel had between 100 and 200 nuclear weapons.vanunu was a  former worker at the country's dimona nuclear reactor in the negev  desert.in may 2010, the uk's guardian newspaper said  secret south  african documents reveal that in 1975, israel offered to  sell nuclear  warheads to the then-apartheid regime in south africa.according  to documents obtained by the newspaper, a secret meeting  between the  then-israeli defense minister, shimon peres, and his south  african  counterpart, p.w. botha, ended with an offer for the sale of  warheads  “in three sizes.”the guardian claimed that those “sizes”  referred to conventional, chemical and nuclear weapons.israel  has initiated several wars in the region in its 60-year-old  history of  occupation of palestinian territories in the west bank and  east al-quds  (jerusalem).sourcedownload   click play twice^ :)israel's genocidal aggression on gaza revisitedby khalid amayrehthe israeli onslaught on the gaza strip two years ago, which lasted for three weeks, was pornographically criminal and graphically genocidal. israel knowingly and deliberately targeted innocent civilians, including children, using state-of-the-art machines of death.entire families were simply exterminated at the pretext that a member was involved with the resistance. homes, hospitals, mosques and other public buildings were obliterated. even terrified and thoroughly terrorized people raising white banners were mercilessly riddled with bullets.the sheer criminality of the israeli army gave the impression that israeli soldiers were probably trying to mimic old testament savagery by murdering men, women, and children, and by destroying and annihilating all that breathe!!the genocidal onslaught on gaza is sufficient to render israel an illegitimate state. no state under the sun, jewish or otherwise, should behave in such a nefarious manner and remain legitimate.don't mention the holocaust. in the final analysis, since when did israel have the right to utilize one holocaust in order to commit another? or use it as red herring to divert attention from its genocidal atrocities against its victims?to cover her crimes against humanity, israel used her effective lying machine to the fullest. it claimed that israel was coming under attack from gaza and that it was merely exercising self-defense.such a claim, coming  from a country that is based on mass murder, ethnic cleansing and land theft, is very much analogous to an imagined  claim by the third reich that it was  forced to deal  stringently with jews because ss soldiers had been coming under attack from jewish resistance fighters at ghetto warsaw.i am making this comparison because as soon as israel ostensibly left gaza in 2005, it imposed a hermetically tight blockade on the coastal enclave, turning it into the largest open- air prison in the world.  gazans were tormented and savaged and starved in manners unseen since ghetto warsaw, or probably the great ukrainian starvation under stalin.israel simply wanted gazans to die unwept and as quietly as possible. however, when gazans found out that they had nothing to lose; they decided to die standing on their feet, rather than walking meekly to the israeli slaughterhouse.israel rained death on gaza for 21 consecutive days, hoping to get the people of gaza to crawl on their hands and feet, begging for mercy from an army that combined all the elements of barbarianism and brutality of the wehrmacht, gestapo and ss combined.however, much of the so-called international community kept up looking on as gaza was being killed and raped as if these abominations were occurring on a distant planet.there is no doubt the pornographic apathy with which the so-called civilized world related to the shameful israeli aggression in gaza two years ago represented an all-time low in the world's morality.what else can be said of powerful states, some of which are considered cornerstones of the international system, which related to the attempted lynching of nearly 2 million gazans by merely saying that "israel has the right to defend itself."!! what kind of fornication with language is this, coming from the president of the most powerful nation on earth?to be sure, moral depravity was by means the lot of an evil empire that allowed itself to be transformed into a big whore by israel and her supporters. many other countries betrayed and continued to betray gaza, including countries that shamelessly claim to be arab and islamic.unfortunately, the passage of two years since the clouds of death were hovering over gaza has not brought any solace. the brutal ugliness of a manifestly fascist israel is as conspicuous as ever. and israel continues to gang up on gaza, barring the victims of the 2008-2009 aggression from rebuilding their homes by preventing building materials from getting through into gaza.it is true that the overall humanitarian situation in gaza is slightly better in comparison to what it was two years ago. however, it is also true that whatever improvement there has been is not a result of israeli magnanimity but rather a cynical attempt to enhance her tarnished image.this is why the free-minded people of the world must stay focused on gaza lest israel decides to reactivate her genocidal instincts and gang up on gaza's children again.we must not allow ourselves to forget the cardinal fact that the murder of palestinian children has always been a well-guarded zionist tradition. unfortunately, there is no evidence whatsoever suggesting that the zionist entity is about to forgo this evil but intrinsic tradition which for most zionists constitutes a way of life.youth groups paint murals in to mark gaza wargaza city (ma'an) -- two youth groups in gaza  marked the second  anniversary of israel's war on the strip by painting  murals on the walls  of the destroyed government compound in gaza city.the  cultural  club and free spectrum organized the activity, commemorating  the 22-day  offensive which left more than 1,400 dead and injured over  5,000.israeli airstrikes targeted the compound of ministerial  buildings several times during the war.free  spectrum  coordinator mohammad al-herbawi said the painting expressed   palestinians' demand "to live in dignity and freedom like other nations   around the globe. we are asking all the free people around the world to   stand by our people until they gain their freedom."al-herbawi   called on palestinian leaders to unify, and to end the national   division, which he said encouraged israel to commit more crimes against   unarmed palestinians.many murals were painted, depicting scenes   of palestinian suffering, and condemning the war and israel's siege of   the coastal enclave.israel continues negev home demolitionsisraeli drones fly over lebanon capitalun.authorized us strikes kill 46gaza's police pay tribute to fallen colleaguesend international complicity, intensify bdsmost israelis approve racist rabbis90% palestinian detainees denied lawyerpentagon's christmas present: largest military budget since wwiitop 10 us lies about afghanistanadl’s twisted hate crimes definitions: a dictionary israeli  secret report on inhumane conditions of detainees disclosed  gaza, (pic)-- haaretz newspaper  published a  confidential report prepared by the israeli association of  jurists  revealing the tragic and inhumane incarceration conditions  which the  palestinian prisoners imprisoned in solitary cells are living  in.  the report pointed out that  hundreds of  palestinian detainees were locked up over the past years in  solitary  confinement and most of them were leaders of prisoners. the israeli activists who made the report   worked as official inspectors sent by the association of jurists to   visit israeli prisons and meet with palestinian detainees. according to the report the isolation  cells in  all israeli prisons, especially in ayalon and shikma jails, are  like  the cells of dungeons, small, infested with insects, smelly, cold,   without windows and totally unsuitable for humans. the report pointed out that the isolation  of  detainees from other prisoners in solitary for a long period of time   has psychological effects on them and many of them develop mental   problems inside these cells. in  another incident, the same newspaper  said that about 90 percent of  palestinian prisoners being interrogated  by the shin bet security  apparatus are prevented from consulting with an  attorney, according to a  report published by the public committee  against torture in israel and  the palestinian prisoners' society. the  shin bet refused in the past to  provide data on the numbers of  prisoners who are prevented from meeting  with a lawyer, but haaretz  quoted the shin bet as saying that it has  legal clearance to keep  certain detainees from lawyers. according  to this report, during prolonged  periods when prisoners are kept from  meeting with lawyers, the shin bet  utilizes interrogation methods that  run contrary to international law,  israeli laws and israeli commitments  to avoid such methods. among these  interrogation methods are  tying prisoners for a long time to a chair  with their hands behind the  back, sleep deprivation, threats usually of  harming family members,  humiliation and being kept for long periods in  unsanitary cells. the report said  that the numbers of those  whose right to an attorney was blocked  between 2000 and 2007 ranged  between 8, 379 to 10, 773 detainees.



posted by anonymous @ thursday, december 30, 2010  
      

 
31 comments












contributors

akber, 
 bruce1337, 
 bobw,
 denk, 
 die for the elite, 
 ksdrover, 
 michael boldin, 
 qrswave, 
 scott ewing, 
 stern gang, 
 surfsteve, 
 tri, 
 vper1







previous posts

i'm back
mossad pulls off boston marathon attacks
9-11 - a date awaited by the rabbinate for the pas...
actual police report on the "dancing israelis", da...
abu yazan – the 27th of december, a day i will nev...
two years after the massacre: a letter from gaza
jesus is palestinian and why it matters
meet the oppressed - the people of the year in the...
♥ m e r r y ♥ c h r i s t m a s ♥
jewish appointees could end free internet

money links


shareverything.com

america: from freedom to fascism
balancing the power of money
the transitioner
how money systems work
open money
monopoly men
the money myth exploded
(the) money files
return the money to the people
the earth plus 5% (interest) pdf
public central bank
the money masters
the money magicians
federal debt relief system
global elite research center
true cost economics
economy in crisis
steady state economy
basic misconceptions about money and interest
bad fruit from a system of unsustainable debt
money solutions pdf
the perfect system
people for mathematically perfected economy
ithaca issues its own currency
campaign for interest-free money
american monetary institute
global justice movement
prosperity: freedom from debt slavery

blogroll



archives

november 2005
december 2005
january 2006
february 2006
march 2006
april 2006
may 2006
june 2006
july 2006
august 2006
september 2006
october 2006
november 2006
december 2006
january 2007
february 2007
november 2007
february 2008
february 2009
march 2009
april 2009
may 2009
june 2009
july 2009
august 2009
september 2009
october 2009
november 2009
december 2009
january 2010
february 2010
march 2010
april 2010
may 2010
june 2010
july 2010
august 2010
september 2010
october 2010
november 2010
december 2010
january 2011
april 2011
april 2013
december 2014


my ecosystem details



heard the word of 

blog?
























 













