


legacy miniature schnauzers













home
about
			us

tips

photos

fun

neuter?

faq

grooming

standard
 















learn
			to groom your miniature schnauzer the correct way!!


a
			grooming dvd for your miniature schnauzer pet! 
			75
			minutes of grooming instruction presented by top-winning show
			groomer and miniature schnauzer breeder patty ledgerwood. 
			professional videography by lightcurve,
			llc features beautiful close-up shots and a menu-driven
			dvd format.  grooming
			instruction is presented according to the standard defined by the
			american kennel club's national
			breed club, the american miniature
			schnauzer club. 
			click
			link below for more information and ordering, and see customer
			comments.  

reviewed
			by video librarian
			and given a three star rating and "recommended" status! 


click
			here for grooming video information and ordering
 from
			video librarian:  "of
			course you'd really have to love dogs to be a groomer, but when
			patty ledgerwood, a breeder of miniature schnauzers, discusses
			"how to press the anal glands" - with the helpful
			reminder to move your head in order to avoid some of the oozing -
			the weaker-kneed pet owners might gladly decide to opt for
			professional care. this straightforward how-to begins with a look
			at the equipment needed - ledgerwood touts name-brand preferences,
			which may be helpful for getting novices started - followed by
			demonstrations of shampooing and drying, clipping, grooming the
			ears (cropped and natural), cutting the hair between the paw pads,
			working with the groin area on a male dog, scissoring, "fine
			tuning the groom," and caring for nails and teeth. she
			thankfully doesn't include information on how to color pet hair (a
			service advertised by a local groomer) or paint the dog's nails,
			and obviously much of the information here could be adapted for
			use on other breeds. personally, however, i think i'll stick to
			self-cleaning pets: cats are a lot less maintenance. recommended."
			


we
			are also a distributor of a premium raw food diet for dogs. 


click
			here to visit legacy's web page on the raw food diet. 
some of the results we have
			noticed from our anecdotal experience are:  a happier dog
			with more energy, better coats, more muscle, great appetites,
			healthier skin, smaller and more firm stools and easier whelping
			by pregnant bitches. in addition to the raw commercial product, we
			feed raw chicken wings or turkey/duck necks several times a week
			and our dogs have no tartar buildup on their teeth, and the teeth
			are pearly white.
legacy's
			mini-videos    
			(click here to see our
			video archive)
we will be adding these short feature videos
			from time to time, on a variety of subjects.  some will be
			about puppies, some will be educational and some will be just for
			fun.  four current videos are slotted for the webpage, with
			an archive to past videos.  to peruse the archive, click the
			archive link above.

click
			on one of the four videos below - a new youtube tab will open. 
			content suggestions may be sent to us at 
			patty@legacyms.com.














snowday!!
						 we
						had four new inches of snow and the dogs love to play in the
						snow.  these are our pet dog mikey (1 1/2 years old) and
						four show prospect puppies at six months age.  makes you
						wish, for the moment, you could be one of them and take part in
						the fun.  in the first part, mikey caught the scent of his
						favorite bone, turns around, digs in the snow and finds it.
						 amazing.











showdogs
						at play 
						these
						two show dogs (miniature schnauzers) love each other's company
						and spend most of their days playing like this. a boarding dog
						tries to join the fun, with no luck.












the
						water follies   you
						say schnauzers don't like water? nobody ever told these guys
						that. it's 80 degrees on a perfect june day, 2011, and patty
						was hosing down the patio when her hose water was attacked by a
						band of mini schnauzers who were on the prowl for mischief.
						watch how fast some of them can bite at that water creature!











puppy
						playpen 
						patty
						set up this extended playpen/obstacle course for the puppies. 
						it introduces them to a plethora of sights, sounds, textures,
						scents and obstacles to help build their confidence for
						anything they might encounter in their lives.  they like
						it so well they could probably spend all day in it.  at
						other times, they're loose in our big backyard developing their
						running muscles.



…...and
			some of our showdogs!







two
						littermate puppies finish championships at rose city classic,
						portland, or, january, 2018!










new
						male champion ch legacy's here comes the son (sonny)


sonny
						started his show career sept. 29, 2017 as a 7 month old puppy
						and promptly won his required two majors in his first two
						shows! he then won a 5-point major at the portland miniature
						schnauzer club specialty to finish his championship. he's bred
						from sire gch sparx sun worshipper and dam ch legacy's i did it
						my wei. see pedigree (pdf)








new
						female champion ch legacy's pop star (poppy) 


poppy
						had 6 points coming to portland and won a 5-point and a 4-point
						major to finish her championship at the rose city classic. she
						is a littermate of sonny. poppy is the 2nd natural-eared
						champion we've had and, at 11 months age, is a compact, robust
						girl we hope will produce well.






these
						two girls recently finished their championships







ch
						legacy's pohlcat (kitty) finishes her akc championship at the
						spokane, wa shows in may, 2016. she is another daughter (with
						ellie) from our silver gch legacy's pohl dancer of tomar. 







new
						girl ch legacy's limited edition (ellie) finishes her akc
						championship at portland, or in january, 2017. ellie's parents
						are a couple of top-winning dogs, silver gch regency's
						playmaker x silver gch legacy's pohl dancer of tomar. we look
						forward to some nice showdogs from her.





a
						new first for legacy: two dogs finish their akc championships
						on the same day, both at just over one year old!  umpqua kennel
						club, 11/13/14, roseburg, or, selected as winners dog and
						winners bitch







new
						male champion legacy's bazinga (bazinga)

bazinga
						wins a terrier group second from the classes in september,
						2014. he has gone best of breed over some best in show dogs and
						still has some growing to do. bazinga had three major wins in
						his quest. he is out of gcht omar's captain kirk x ch legacy's
						poison ivy.





new
						female champion legacy's i did it my wei (frankie)

frankie
						finished her championship with four major wins and finished on
						the same day as bazinga. the two dogs love each other's company
						and play together constantly. they each have personality plus
						and can be seen in the video above, titled "showdogs at
						play".




lola
						and travis – from a few years back!







silver
						grand champion legacy's pohl dancer of tomar ("lola")

						lola
						is shown winning best of opposite sex at probably the largest
						miniature schnauzer show ever in the us, with some 160
						miniature schnauzer showdogs entered, at the purina farms event
						center outside st. louis, mo, may 9-12, 2013.   this was
						the american miniature schnauzer club's (amsc) 2013
						"schnauzapalooza" event for its national specialty
						show.  from left to right are judge clay coady, patty,
						amsc president john constantine and a purina farms
						representative. 






am/can
						ch legacy's time traveler ("travis")

at
						the albany, or shows, travis finishes his akc championship at
						13 months age under judge linda wells, with four major wins in
						only his 11th show.  he is already producing some nice
						puppies with wonderful conformation and outgoing temperments.
						see pedigree (pdf)






…...and
						a special boy:  louie     













grand
						champion legacy's it's in the bag ("louie")
ten
						month old puppy "louie" is shown at left winning best
						of winners for a 5-point major at the centennial state
						miniature schnauzer specialty show in denver, june 3, 2011, to
						finish his akc championship in only one month, entered in five
						shows (all major shows), winning four of them.  the four
						wins were three 4-point and one 5-point majors.  louie is
						shown at right winning one of the three 4-point major wins at
						the beehive cluster in salt lake city.  it was louie's
						first competitive event and he was best of winners in three of
						the four shows while proving he's a natural in the ring. 
						he finished his grand champion title in february, 2012. 
						louie was sired by ch tomar's the fix is in ("bookie")
						and his dam is legacy's charisma ("chrissy"). 
						he is a wonderful dog around the house and just wants to play
						all the time.  see pedigree
						(pdf).




……and
						another special boy, rocky


















grand
						champion/canadian champion legacy's rock around the clock,
						"rocky" 

multi-best-in-specialty-show
						winner am./can. ch legacy's rock around the clock (ch legacy's
						rockin' robin x ch legacy's stand by me), "rocky", spent
						not quite two months in canada and in that short time
						became the number three miniature schnauzer, and number
						twenty terrier. he finished his canadian championship in
						very fast order.  he had a very positive response from the
						judges and breeders, who were impressed with his correct
						movement, conformation, breed type, and temperament.  he
						is shown in the picture to the left winning best in specialty
						at the miniature schnauzer club of canada's national specialty.
						  to the right he is shown winning the portland (or)
						miniature schnauzer club specialty show in jan., 2011 and
						completing the requirements for an akc grand champion. 
						not too bad for a young boy just starting out his show career. 
						rocky was handled in canada by his good friend connie
						krohn.  he is an outstanding two-year old boy whom we hope
						will contribute to the improvement of the breed.  and he
						has a few litters on the ground which look very promising and
						more litters coming up.  see pedigree
						(pdf) 




						 

						 

this 
						is our annual "puppy picture", taken by vavra 
						photography of gates, or.  these puppies are from two 
						different litters, all sired by robin, who is shown 
						above.  they are a rambunctious four months old and are 
						usually bouncing off the walls.  yes, it was very hard 
						to get them posed like this, but jerry and marty vavra 
						are great at what they do.







						welcome to legacy miniature schnauzers! 
						we're coming to you from pasco, in the southeast part of 
						washington state, usa, where the snake and columbia 
						rivers merge. 
we wanted to provide a useful, 
						informative and entertaining site for people who view 
						dogs as companions. our particular breed is miniature 
						schnauzers, but all dogs are special in ways each of us 
						can appreciate. i'm reminded of an old quote: "to each 
						dog, his master is napoleon; hence, the popularity of 
						dogs". that, after a fashion, sums up the undying 
						devotion and friendship a good dog can provide, in 
						return for your care and hospitality. in addition to the 
						dogs, we've always had a cat or two around, and all pets 
						get along great, in a sort of mutually respectful 
						arrangement. 
we've bred and shown dogs in 
						akc conformation and obedience events for some 37 years. 
						over time, one comes to understand the very unique and 
						unparalleled nature of the canine/human connection. but 
						you never cease to wonder, on occasion, at the sometimes 
						inexplicable displays of communication these fuzzy 
						little creatures can show us. 

this site will always strive 
						to provide worthwhile information, intended to advance 
						the welfare of all dogs. we can never, however, compete 
						with some of the special links that are provided (see 
						links). your comments and advice are always welcome, and 
						we hope you leave here with something of value.




mack 
						and patty ledgerwood

						legacy miniature schnauzers

						2813 n road 92

						pasco, wa 99301-1577

						(509) 544-9350


						email comments or questions to:



						patty ledgerwood    

members of:

						american miniature schnauzer club

						richland (wa) kennel club

						schnauzer club of victoria (australia)




copyright © 1996 legacy 
						miniature schnauzers 
all rights reserved 
web 
						pages designed and maintained by legacyms.
last updated: tuesday, january 
						30, 2018



























