













home | gold pines camp





































menu
home
about us

camp history
faq’s
testimonials


cabins
check availability
fishing
photo gallery
rates
contact us
 













book your next summer fishing vacation at gold pines camp on the famous waters of lac seul 




dramatic sunsets await you when you vacation at gold pines camp on canada’s famous lac seul 




relax or play on gold pines camp’s beautiful sandy beach 








welcome to gold pines camp in
ear falls, northwestern ontario
gold pines camp is a drive-in housekeeping camp located on the famous waters of lac seul in northwestern ontario, catering to both fishermen and families who are seeking trophy walleye and northern pike.
located on the historic site of the town of gold pines, gold pines camp was originally built as a hudson’s bay fur trading post. converted to a fishing camp, gold pines has hosted avid fishermen and families for many decades.
gold pines camp has been family owned and operated for more than a quarter of a century, continuing to proudly provide fishermen with the best accommodations and fishing experience possible.
when choosing your next fishing or family vacation, entrust the many years of experience that we’ve accumulated and choose gold pines camp! our clientele is made up of more than 90% repeat customers, but there’s always room to add you to our customer list and count you as a valued repeat customer.
consider choosing gold pines camp as your next summer vacation destination.



































lac seul and gold pines camp offers you a
trophy fishing experience that can’t be beat!
lac seul is famous for it’s trophy walleye and northern pike fishing and this is where you’ll find gold pines camp!
visit our fishing gallery to see some of the many walleye, northern pike and smallmouth bass that awaits you should you choose to join us at gold pines camp for your next wilderness fishing vacation!
fishing is outstanding on famous lac seul with over 2,000 miles of pristine wilderness shoreline within a short boat ride from gold pines camp. explore lac seul for some of the best walleye and northern fishing to be found anywhere in the world.
gold pines camp boasts a fully equipped, modern fish cleaning house where you can easily prepare your day’s catch for your own evening fish fry!
getting around lac seul is no problem whether you choose to bring your own boat or rent one of our modern, well maintained boats. the boat options at gold pines camp include a fleet of 17, 18 & 19 foot boats including lund pro-v tiller boats fully equipped with depth finders, bow mounted – 24-volt electric trolling motors and four stroke yamaha motors.
gold pines camp offers a large dock equipped with electricity, nestled in a quiet bay, which protects guests’ boats from wind and waves.






































modern, comfortable
lodging awaits you at gold pines camp !
gold pines camp offers modern housekeeping cottages that accommodate groups of 2 people all the way up to 16 people.
many of the cabins feature a screened in porch as well as decks and easy access to a sandy beach for all to enjoy!
cabins at gold pines camp have been recently renovated or have been newly built to a very clean and modern standard.  the housekeeping cabins offer air conditioning, satellite tv or smart tv technology, and wifi.
gold pine’s cabins offer modern kitchens that are fully equipped with microwaves, coffee pots, toasters, dishes, utensils, pots and pans, and kitchen towels. our bedrooms have comfortable bedding that include mattresses that assure you of a good night’s sleep!
gold pines camp supplies all bedding and offers a laundry facility for guests’ use.
we have 3 overflow cabins located just down the road from our main camp in the event that our main camp is at full capacity.
read more…
check availability








gold pines past guests share their thoughts gold pines camp takes great pride in treating their guests like family and we truly value the feedback that each and every guest provides. this commitment to a high level of customer service has translated into gold pines camp enjoying a high percentage of repeat business. we hope you’ll take a minute to read our customer comments below and join us soon at gold pines camp for your next northwestern ontario fishing vacation. 




great friendly owners, nice clean cabins.

crystal i.



wonderful place for family or die hard fishermen, with comfortable cabins and friendly, helpful hosts.
always feel at home here.

cindy s.



what an amazing place…the most accommodating owners you will ever meet.
great fishing…wonderful times.

john p.











 







family owned and operated since 1985.


gold pines camp
						611 hwy 657,
						ear falls, on.
						p0v 1t0
email: goldpinescamp@gmail.com




home
about us

camp history
faq’s
testimonials


 

cabins
check availability
fishing

fish cleaning house


 

rates
photo gallery
contact us
 








					© 2025 gold pines camp • website design by the graphix works























