


salmon fishing, pulaski new york ,salmon river drift boat fishing guide.





















 





reports

guides

salmon

steelhead

walleye

brown trout

bass

charters

rates

contact us












updated fishing reports -salmon river, pulaski ny 
september 9, 2024
the salmon fishing this year has been for the most part absolutely 
              lights out. august was our slow month as the fish did their switch 
              from feeding to aggression. on top of that temperature was constatntly 
              on the move forcing us to change our presentaion almost eveyrday. 
              the last week or so was very good as things seemed to of stabilized. 
              but, as i am writing this report the temperature that the salmon 
              like (62-45 degrees) is 200 feet down in lake ontario. this makes 
              it very hard to target them as it is dark down there for most of 
              the day and trolling at 2-3 mph will require a lot of line putting 
              them almost out of reach. the lake should start to get good agian 
              as winds blow from any direction but west, so be on the look out 
              for that. we've had a bunch of cold weather and rain for the past 
              3 weeks which has made the river temperature a lot cooler then normal 
              for this time of year. this has made for a major run of salmon to 
              go up. the couple last minute river trips we have done have all 
              produced a lot of hook ups and near-limits if not limits every trip. 
              we have some afternoon dates available and a very select few mornings. 
              river or lake take your pick, but call or text us now before it 
              is to late. 315-430-6728. thanks shane and david!
may 30, 2024
 out standing reports have been coming from all across the lakes 
              on how good this season has been already for king salmon. hopefully 
              that trend will continue for the rest of the season. right now the 
              water is warming up fast and the alewives are moving into the shallows 
              to spawn. the browns are right there on an all out gorge fest with 
              some days being good and some days they’re full. the wind 
              has been blowing every direction lately making things a little challenging. 
              one day the waters dirty and the bites hot, the next it’s 
              gin clear and the fish are finicky. the lake trout bite has been 
              good and we’ve been picking up a handful of random kings and 
              browns while fishing for them. we’ve got a good amount of 
              openings throughout the season, but we are filling up fast. if you’re 
              looking to fill your freezers with delicious meat now is the time 
              while most fish are still hanging out in colder water. come take 
              your pick on what you’d like to catch while you still can! 
              texting works best at (315)-430-6728.
              thanks shane and david!
march 18, 2024
the steelhead fishing on the salmon river has been very good numbers 
              wise. with the very mild winter we had lots of fish have fully or 
              very close to finished their spawn and are heading back to the lake. 
              the hatchery has been jam packed with steelhead for quite some time 
              now and they’re finally doing the egg take. those fish should 
              be coming downriver in the next few weeks if this warm weather trend 
              continues. all different techniques this time of year work as these 
              fish try to put a feed bag on as they try to regain strength after 
              their spawn. float fishing egg sacs and beads works great right 
              now as we’re still in heavy spawning mode but as they transition 
              off the spawn they start to get really aggressive and will attack 
              pretty much anything that moves. their explosive strikes are something 
              you’re not going to want to miss. we have plenty of dates 
              and guides available for the end of this month and the beginning 
              of next so call or text us now and get in before it’s too 
              late. 315-430-6728 thanks shane and david!
february 9, 2024
this season has been an outstanding year numbers wise. the hatchery 
              is jam packed and there is still a trickle of fresh fish which seems 
              to be never ending. the weather also has been outstanding with very 
              few days below freezing. if these trends continue we will more then 
              likely be seeing an early dropback season and with the amount of 
              fish in the hatchery its going to be a crazy good one. dates are 
              filling up very fast for april but theres still some left and march 
              is pretty open still. texting us at 315-430-6728 is the best way 
              to get ahold of us. hope to see you soon! thanks shane and david. 
            
december 3, 2023
the steelhead are here and they're here in good quality and quantity. 
              beads, plugs and eggsacks all have been producing equally the same 
              with everyday being different. right now were dealing with cold 
              snowmelt from the recent snowstorm we had which dumped 3' of snow 
              on us. the rivers been up and down a lot lately which hasnt really 
              helped. if we could get a couple days of steady water conditions 
              i'd imagine it would be very good. very soon were going to be fishing 
              the very slow deep water where these fish love to hang during the 
              cold winter months. we have plenty of dates and good reliable guides 
              available so don't be hesetent to give us a call or text at 315-430-6728. 
              thanks shane and david.
pictures of the week



for more information on how to book a trip. (315) 430-6728 
              or (315) 298-4530
return to top
past fishing reports
october 3, 2023
the river is piling up with fresh kings and cohos daily. everyday 
              more and more keep showing up. the weekends have been tougher for 
              us due to the fact that there are more people around causing the 
              problem of fewer spots to fish. we've had warm, low, and clear water 
              for most of this season but it looks like its all going to change 
              (if the weatherman is right.) after this weekend. colder nights 
              are in the forecast for the beginning of next which should help 
              make the fish hit our lures a little harder causing us to have a 
              better hit-land ratio. we have some dates available next week but 
              with how busy its been theyre not going to last long. best way to 
              get ahold of us is by texting or calling (315)-430-6728 thanks! 
              shane and david.
june 30, 2023
the salmon fishing is picking up big time as the bait is starting 
              to move out to depths where it is easier to target. for the next 
              month or so we're going to see some very good fishing before they 
              stop putting the feed bag on and prepare to enter the rivers. we 
              have also been targeting nice trophy browns just inside the kings 
              with some good success and even picking up some salmon mixed in. 
              we have plenty of dates still available so don't be afraid to call 
              or text us at 315-430-6728. 
may 25, 2023
the river season is all wrapped up for the exception of bass. the 
              30' penn yan is in at the mouth of the salmon river. the brown trout 
              fishings been fairly decent with lots of 3-6 pound browns around. 
              these are great eating fish as the water is still fairly cold. there 
              is a good amount of lake trout around which are all different sizes 
              from 5-25 pounds. they're not as good to eat as the browns because 
              they live for muh longer but they are good for the smoker. as air 
              temperatures continue to warm up so should the water which will 
              push the fish out deeper and down deeper making them less skiddish 
              and easier to target. along with the warmer water we'll start to 
              see a thermocline form which will cause the king salmon metabolism 
              to jump as they start to put their heavy final feed on before entering 
              the rivers. call now to get in on the action before its to late! 
              thanks shane and david! 315-430-6728
february 10, 2022
all season the steelhead fishing has been excellent. we've been 
              seeing lots of good numbers of smaller sized steelhead which is 
              bright for the future. along side this their has been a good mix 
              of some bigger winter holders/spring spawners. we have had a very 
              mild winter which has constantly been refreshing the river with 
              fresh fish. weekdays have been the best as these days are no where 
              near as busy as the weekends. this in turn helps us catch more fish 
              as we're the only ones fishing for them. with all the fish that 
              have been seen in the system it should only make for a killer spring. 
              text us now at 315-412-7080 to book a trip because before you know 
              it the hot dates will be gone. 
december 3, 2022 
the steelhead fishing has been great over the last month. the fish 
              have came in big time amd are spread out from top to bottom in the 
              river. float fishing and back trolling lures both have been mighty 
              effective. the fishing should contine to be good as the water drops 
              and the fish settle into their resting holes for these winter months. 
              the schedule is pretty open for the winter but fills in quick. if 
              you're looking for specific dates book them now before its too late. 
              best way to reach us is by texting 315-430-6728.
september 21, 2022 
the salmon are in and most are in the estuary or up in the river. 
              there's still a few scattered out on the lake but not a ton. things 
              have been warm lately making the plug bite tough. luckily though 
              we've had some rain and thats got the water levels up and added 
              a touch of murky water to the gin clear that we had. forecast for 
              the rest of the week shows very cold nights and much cooler day 
              time temps which should get these fish moving and chewing. there's 
              been a good amount of big cohos in th 12-17 pound range. we are 
              pretty booked up for this season but there may still be a couple 
              dates left for salmon. steelhead will be starting to show in another 
              month and with the amount of salmon around id imagine theres gonna 
              be a good amount of steelhead.
july 12, 2022
the salmon are here and we are dialing in on them more and more. 
              a spoon program up high in the water column has been best for getting 
              these fish to bite. the brown are in just a little closer and are 
              eating the same things as the kings. we've been getting a few smaller 
              kings mixed with the browns and some larger browns mixed with the 
              salmon. lakers are a long ways away but are there to target as well 
              as kings. the pattern lately is stay outta the pack of boats and 
              get to the un-pressured fish and you'll see results in the rods. 
              the salmon fishing is only going to get better as the vast majority 
              of fish push to the eastern end of the lake for food and a place 
              to spawn. prime time king fishing will be upon us shortly so call 
              and book a trip now before you miss out. texting works best at 315-430-6728. 
              thanks shane and david.
june 21, 2022
the lake king season is bearing down upon us fast. we have had 
              a lot of the right wind which has blown a ton of bait and fish into 
              the eastern end of lake ontario. in fact we might of had too much. 
              as of right now theres alot of about 60 degree water all over the 
              place. we need a couple of hot calm days for the warm water to settle 
              together and create a thermocline to boost the salmons metabolism. 
              the lake trout fishing has been phenomenal as well as the browns. 
              we're getting a few salmon in the mix but not many. today marks 
              the start of summer which feels about right. sometime shortly we'll 
              be getting that hot summer weather and those kings will start putting 
              the feed on for their spawning migration. texting works best at 
              315-430-6728. thanks shane and david thomas. 
may 19, 2022
the steelhead season has wrapped up completely and now were onto 
              the lake. walleyes, brown trout, and lake trout are what is prime 
              for this time. the walleyes the least likely to be caught but come 
              at trophy class sizes and some of the smaller ones are great to 
              eat. the lake trout are pretty simple to cacth you just drop your 
              gear to bottom and reel up wet rags but hey its normally alot of 
              action and a way to fill the cooler with meat. when trolling for 
              browns theres a chance for kings, cohos, steelhead, lakers, walleye, 
              pike and small mouth. hell you never know whats going to be at the 
              end of your line when trolling the shoreline of lake ontario. the 
              kings will be around off and on all wind depending, but in about 
              another month their metabolism will spike as they put on their last 
              meal before getting ready to spawn. with the weather beaing as warm 
              as its been we could be seeing some eager feeders being fooled by 
              mother nature. we still have lots of dates open for the charter 
              season of 2022, so get in on the action and fill your freezers with 
              some of these cold water fish. to book text us at 315-430-6728. 
              thanks shane and david thomas.
december 17, 2021
the steelhead fishing has been fairly good this year with lots 
              of high water leaving the fish very unpressured. as i'im writing 
              this report the river is dropping to 350cfs which should allow the 
              fish to bite well. that flow is here to stay for quite a while or 
              until our next major rainfall. the fish we have been seeing are 
              all different sizes from little skippers to fish in the 15# range. 
              the weather has been changeing every day from 60+ mph winds to 60 
              degree weather to snow. there's a lot of dates open for winter steelhead 
              fishing and plenty of guides we can get you setup with so if you 
              have something specific in mind nows a good time to book it. to 
              book text us at 315-430-6728. thanks shane and david thomas
september 19, 2021
if a year could have a catch phrase this ones would be "thats 
              why its called fishing and not catching." mother nature has 
              been wild all year with each day having something different instore. 
              that being said the past week or so has been lights out as they've 
              finally arrived and sort of stablized. these fish are ripping and 
              ready to run the river and the weather looks prime for a big push 
              at the end of the week. lots of dates are booked already but we 
              still might be able to get you booked with a good reputable guide. 
              so text now before you miss out on the action at 315-430-6728.
june 2, 2021
the salmon fishing on the lake has been remarkably good for this 
              time of the year. we have been also catching steelhead lakers and 
              cohos when fishing for the kings. we've been seeing a good mix of 
              all different sizes of everything and with the water being cold 
              now is the best time to get some fresh good eating fish that put 
              up a good fight. the brown trout fishing should be good but there 
              is just loads of bait in closer which makes it hard for them to 
              want to bite spoons. lake trout have been a good backup species 
              becuase they're always chewing good when its calm out and nothing 
              else is biting. book a trip now because the fishings heating up 
              more and more everyday and the days are filling up fast. texting 
              works best at 315-430-6728. thanks shane and david thomas.
feburary 2, 2021
the steelhead fishing has this year has been pretty average. some 
              days are good some are bad. you just never know what each day will 
              bring. the patterens that are noticed are the warmer days with higher 
              water and not weekends are the best. but also its been very cold 
              and we've been receiving lots of snow so the fish arent being pressured 
              to hard causing them to be more likely to bite the fake stuff. we've 
              got a month or two left of this winter steelhead fishing before 
              they transition into their spawning and leaving modes and when they 
              do that they're not as good to eat and don't fight as well. to get 
              in on a trip we recommend texting as we never no when we might be 
              busy with something and unable to pick up the phone. so text us 
              at (315)-430-6728. thanks david and shane!!
november 13, 2020 
we are sorry for the lack of updates but we have been in a drought 
              for all of salmon season. so we havent been able to run the driftboats 
              as per usual and there were more bank fisherman this year than ever. 
              on the bright side we have beengetting the rain we need slowly but 
              surely. as a matter of fact tonight the river will be getting its 
              first bump up to 335. so tomorrow we will begin running the boats. 
              the bank fishing has been ok nothing phenominal but steady action. 
              the low water has the fish spooked easily and are hard to get to 
              bite. this bump in the water flow should make them snap and move 
              so call/text now and book a trip @315-430-6728. thanks shane and 
              david!
september 7, 2020
the fish are pretty much fully turned over to spawn mode and are 
              piling into our end of the lake. there is even a handful in the 
              river. the wind this year has not stopped which has not helped us 
              much with letting things settle and adjust. but on the bright side 
              we are seeing much cooler temps ahead which should help the mother 
              load move closer and closer to the river. theres been a great number 
              of cohos apearing as well as an occasional steelhead or brown trout. 
              book now to get in on a last minute battle with a king salmon on 
              lake ontario or book a salmon trip on the river and watch them absolutely 
              destroy plugs. texting is best at 315-298-4530.
              thanks shane and david
july 1, 2020
the kings are finally showing up. every day were getting more amd 
              more dialed in to solving the puzzle for these finicky kings. the 
              wind keeps blowing in our favor, but now we need stable conditions 
              to setup a theromocline and really put the kings on a feeding frenzy. 
              theres also been a tremendous amount of dropback steelhead scattered 
              randomly giving us a nice surprise every once and a while. calm 
              days if the kings arent biting we have been targeting lakers which 
              have been enourmous this year. rougher weather we've been fishing 
              browns closer to shore incase of something going wrong. the king 
              fishing has only just begun and is only going to get better from 
              here on out so call now because dates are very limited for july 
              and are closing fast for august. 315-298-4530.
              thanks shane and david
june 8, 2020
we are finally reopened for business and the brown bite has been 
              on fire. the quantity and quality this year has been outstanding. 
              they're also living in ice water making their meat delicious, so 
              if there were ever a time that you'd give up a good fight for some 
              good meat now is the time. the kings have been playing tough to 
              get so far this year with some unfavorable winds and cooler temps 
              keeping them scattered throughout the whole lake. a couple of hot 
              days mixed with some west winds should start to setup a thermocline 
              and we should start to see them shwoing back up. with that being 
              said we can still target them out deeper and other species too such 
              as coho, lakers, steelhead, and even a stray brown but finding them 
              is tough as theres a lot of water to cover and no certain spot for 
              them to be at. call now if you want to book a trip as the fishing 
              will only be getting better and our dates are going fast. 315-430-6728.
              thanks shane and david

march 10, 2020
the fishing latley had been hot and cold. the warmer weather has 
              definitly improved the bite but the crowds really puta beating on 
              the fish. the steelhead are also in their in between period right 
              now with a wide variety of fish around. over the past week or so 
              we have had warmer weather and rain which has caused higher water 
              bringing in fresh fish that are getting ready to or they have already 
              started there spawning. along with these fish we have been catching 
              a few dropbacks each trip, a few holding fish and very occasionaly 
              a brown trout. this higher water helps as we have access to the 
              whole river without having to worry about beating our boats up too 
              much or getting stuck anywhere. each day should slowly start to 
              get better and better as the fish complete their spawning and head 
              back to the lake. next month the charter boat will be going in the 
              water as we start to target primarily browns with a mix of kings, 
              steelhead, and lake trout. these dates will be going fast so call 
              and book a trip while you still can at 315-430-6728.
              thanks shane and david
january 20, 2020
the steelhead fishing this year has been about adverage some days 
              you get a bunch and other days you only get a few. the weather has 
              been a big factor when it come to how we have been doing. the days 
              its warm and nice out theres a lot of people around and the fish 
              are finicky. but when the weathers snotty for a couple of days the 
              fish get untouched in many spots and are willing to snap at any 
              bait that passes by. the water flows have been all over the place 
              with last week we hacd flows of +2000 cfs, this past weekend it 
              went down to 500, and now its back up to +1000cfs. this messess 
              the fish up on where they ley and how comfortable they are with 
              their surrounding environment. also within the past 3-4 days we 
              had temperatures below 0 which created a lot of slush and anchor 
              ice in the water which makesthe lower section of the river near 
              impossible to get a good natural drift. we've got plenty openings 
              from now till the end of april/early may. call us at 315-430-6728 
              for more information on a package deal which includes 2 days fishing 
              and 2 nights lodging for feburary/march. the best time to call is 
              after dark as we dont know how long we will be out for andwe dont 
              have good service. 
november 14, 2019
the steelhead are here and are going to be in full force anytime 
              now. this is the best time of year and the dates are going fast. 
              its only getting better. avoid weekends if possible because of boat 
              traffic and bank monkeys. all methods are very effective right. 
              its all just a matter of how you want to catch them. the size of 
              these fish this year has been tremendous with some absolute tanks 
              out there that have gotten away. call now and reserve and trip before 
              its to late at 315-430-6728.
              thanks shane and david
october 17, 2019
just like that we are on the decline of our salmon run. we never 
              really had one big run, but a slow steady trickle of kings and a 
              good amount of cohos. we currently are being impacted with a good 
              storm producing a reasonable amount of rain which should bring in 
              a few fresher kings along with hopefully our first good push of 
              steelhead. this year has beenpretty odd so who truly knows? from 
              now until about the middle-end of next month the kings will be doing 
              their thing and slowly die off and as this happens more and more 
              steelhead will enter the river. as a matter of fact theres already 
              a good amount of steelhead in the lower/douglaston part of the river. 
              with this rain happening it should help get these fish moving upstream 
              and spread them out throught the entire river. call quick because 
              somewhere in between now and the next 2 months will be some of the 
              best fighting, eating, and hopefully amount of steelhead for the 
              season. texting works best at 315-430-6728.
              thanks shane and david
return to top
for more reports visit our archives
need lodging? check out the beautiful log cabins for rent at salmonriverguidecabins.com
 lake ontario fishing - fishingcharterslakeontario.com
links

for more information on how to book a trip.
jackie and shane thomas
| reports | guides 
               | salmon | steelhead 
              | walleye | brown 
              trout | bass | rates 
              | past reports | photo 
              gallery | tackle shops | links 
              | contact us | disclaimers 
              | 



 fishing 
                    links


 reports
river guides
salmon
steelhead
walleye
brown trout
bass
lake charters
photo gallery
tackle shops
fishing links 
contact us
driftboat rates






 announcements!


 


interested in homes, land or camps near the salmon river?? 
                    click the link above for more information! check us out on 
                    facebook 
                    too!






 links


 water 
                    flows

stop on in and check out our new slide 
                    show of recent clients on our fishing trips! 






 more fishing 
                    links


 fishing 
                    articles 
past fishing reports 
guest book
contact us
photo albums
 rates
prostaff for:

for all your fishing needs.
 






 
 









© 2002 salmonriverguide.com all rights reserved. 
        page designed by sharphookdesigns.com






