


the king of cake in your face






















    
	the king of cake in your face
	
  
smush your face into my cake, or i'll smush my cake into your face.  that's the long and the short of it.  who wants frosting?







tuesday, october 24, 2006



	 
	 sweet monkey brains
	 
    


well, a certain friend of my acquaintance decided that it would be "cute" to make her husband a delicious monkey cake for his birthday yesterday, using the controversy-garnering design i dug up the other week.of course, having watched too many horror films, she insisted it would be "funny" to use a strawberry cake mix so that when the cake was cut the attendees at the birthday feast would be eating pink monkey brains.sick, i tell you.  sick!!!more pictures:the sicko herself, with birthday-boy accomplice.she titled this one "eaten but not beaten."  i told you she was sick!  please note the werewolf kit in the background.  weirdos on all sides!!!
      


posted by michelle souliere @ 6:01 am  
    	
         7 comments






monday, october 16, 2006



	 
	 monkey pudding
	 
    


      monkey made a disturbing mention of a substance heretofore unknown to your highness (that's me).monkey pudding.strangely fascinating, this idea. is it pudding made for monkeys? pudding made of monkeys? if it is pudding made of monkeys, what part of the monkey do they use? his/her creamy brains. i found myself needlessly befuddled, and decided to embark on a quest on the worlb wibe web (see, my brain is confused so it is all b's) to illuminate this dark issue.i did find this monkey, who does like pudding, according to the photo's subtitle, "pet monkey eating pudding at firebase." look at how pointy his ears are!!! that means he is full of mischief. i should know.then i found the website recipe circus!!! they have a recipe for monkey pudding. boy, it sounds delicious.monkey puddingingredientspudding:6 slices whole wheat bread, torn into big cubes1 (14-oz.) can sweetened condensed milk1/4 cup flaked or shredded coconut3 eggs2 tbsp. margarine or butter, melted3 ripe bananas, mashed2 tbsp. vanilla extract1 tsp. ground cinnamon1/2 tsp. salt2 cups warm water1/2 cup chopped pecansbutter rum sauce:1/4 cup butter1/2 cup cream3/4 cups brown sugar, firmly packed2 tbsp. rum or 1 tsp. rum flavoringrecipepudding: preheat oven to 350ºf.place bread cubes in a greased 9-in. baking pan.in a large bowl, beat together eggs, banana and cinnamon. add remaining ingredients, except chopped pecans and butter rum sauce.pour mixture evenly over bread, moistening completely. sprinkle pecans on top.bake 45 to 50 minutes or until knife comes out clean. cool. serve warm with butter rum sauce.butter rum sauce: in a sauce, melt butter; add brown sugar and cream. boil rapidly 8 to 10 minutes; add rum or rum flavoring. serve warm.makes about 1 cupit could be a new office party fad -- monkey pudding party! heck, i would come.
      


posted by michelle souliere @ 12:30 pm  
    	
         3 comments






tuesday, october 10, 2006



	 
	 i'm bananas for monkey!
	 
    


in honor of monkey's return to the blogosphere, i wanted to find a nice monkey cake online to point out as a virtual cakefest in celebration of the auspicious occasion.however, i got distracted by this monstrosity!please note, dear monkey, that i would never stick candles in your head.  also, don't you think this monkey's head looks suspiciously like an over-large, two-handled coffee mug?the directions also tell us to:--"spread a thick layer of chocolate buttercream over entire monkey head."would you be agreeable to this?  i prefer a good creamcheese frosting myself, but in a pinch i am certainly not going to deny myself a good chocolate buttercream.  your person still has a washer and dryer, no?--"attach ears to sides of head, top of cupcake facing forward, securing with toothpicks."this one i am not so sure about.i was a little terrified when i watched the video and found that she also cuts the poor monkey's head in half to spread more chocolate buttercream inside its little brains.  eeek!here's to monkeys everywhere, and also monkey cake!!!
      


posted by michelle souliere @ 8:20 am  
    	
         4 comments






tuesday, july 11, 2006



	 
	 monolith mockery with twinkies
	 
    


apparently this is only one of many representations of twinkiehenge.  good lord, people!!!that's what i get for typing in "stupid cake" in google's image search.  i should know better by now.
      


posted by michelle souliere @ 12:44 pm  
    	
         5 comments






monday, june 19, 2006



	 
	 boobah menace
	 
    


right.  i tell you, it appeared on my table.  i approached it bleary-eyed, fresh from slumber on a trip to the kitchen to get some past-midnight milk and cookies.  i flipped on the overhead light when my squinting in the dim light was to no avail.  and then i shrieked!!!terrifying, just terrifying.  i had to call a friend over in the morning to rid my kitchen of this looming fortress of the colorful fiends.  (luckily i have friends that will come and eat anything without asking any questions)i hid in the basement to avoid hearing the tiny screams.somewhere out there, i have a very nasty enemy.
      


posted by michelle souliere @ 11:05 am  
    	
         6 comments






wednesday, may 31, 2006



	 
	 woodland poop
	 
    


good heavens, has it been that long?!  at any rate -- we interrupt this hiatus to bring you this important message:if there's one thing i don't need, it's cute little woodland critters pooping on my perfectly good cake.have a great week, all you cakelovers out there!!!  i mean it!  you better, or i'll get after you with my spatula.  or maybe i'll recruit the furry little minons show here and send them to bite your ankles until you start doing a gleeful jig to show me you've seen the error of your ways.  i have binoculars, you know.signed,the erstwhile king of cake cake cake!!!
      


posted by michelle souliere @ 8:48 am  
    	
         4 comments






thursday, april 27, 2006



	 
	 forget that, cat!
	 
    


now listen, if someone took the time to spread that much frosting on my face, i sure as heck wouldn't be hastening off to london, i'd be sticking around.um, perhaps quite literally.signed,he who loves frosting on his face
      


posted by michelle souliere @ 8:57 am  
    	
         3 comments















about me

name:  michelle souliere 
location:  portland, maine, united states 
i am a mainer fascinated by my state and the rest of the weird land of new england.
email me at... michelle.souliere(at)gmail.com
view my complete profile

sticky footprints

cakechat
bad cakes
bad cakes on myspace


various minions & moppets

the crown prince of cake?!
ubermilf, queen of cupcakes
monkey, baker of banana bread
brooke water = cake not dry



forbidden goodies

wilton 2005 wackos
many terrifying doll cakes
autopsy cake
they're coming for you!!!
best cake mess ever
stomach pump sponge cake
food violence


much ado about frosting

sweet monkey brains
monkey pudding
i'm bananas for monkey!
monolith mockery with twinkies
boobah menace
woodland poop
forget that, cat!
all hail cake!!!
vacation avec monkeys
vacation

stale cake (still tasty)

december 2005
january 2006
february 2006
march 2006
april 2006
may 2006
june 2006
july 2006
october 2006






 



 













