









duchenne
































































































 








































donate


info@cureduchenne.org(949) 872-2552














eventscontact





cart
×

no products in the cart.








 






cure


cureduchenne link


research overview
research terms


exon skipping
clinical trials



care


covid-19 resources
newly diagnosed
clinic
steroid use
emergency care
resource library


dme guide
medical id bracelets
navigating school

occupational therapy


physical therapy
for families
- find a physical therapist
- pool activities
- stretching
for physical therapists
- pt certification
- professional courses
for clinics



community


cureduchenne cares
cureduchenne futures
cureduchenne champions


family stories


events
previous webinars
family fundraisers



about us


mission
vision
about duchenne

blog


board of directors
sponsors


events & webinars
news center
- press releases
- partner news



cd ventures


about cd ventures
our impact



get involved


donate
more ways to give
fundraise
shop


fundraising events
- ladies luncheon austin
- getzlaf golf shootout | orange county, ca
- napa in newport | orange county, ca







search for:




donate


















 
cureduchenne-research-banner-mobilestay informedfind out what’s new in duchenne researchdiscover morecd research desktopstay informedfind out what’s new in duchenne researchdiscover morecd linkslinking the community to a curenow enrollinggreat hopethere is great hope for duchenne!newly diagnosed families, get the help you need!learn more2025 futures homepage slider banner_mobile2025 futures homepage slider banner_full 



 

with a mission to cure duchenne muscular dystrophy
cureduchenne breaks the traditional charitable mold and balances passion with business acumen. we will fulfill our mission to cure duchenne muscular dystrophy with our innovative venture philanthropy model that funds groundbreaking research, early diagnosis and treatment access. with pioneering education and support programs, our organization drives real change for those with living with the disease and their loved ones.
the cureduchenne one-to-one program provides meetings with our scientists, physical therapists, parents, fundraising team and family support resource coordinators. email us at cares@cureduchenne.org to set up a time that works with your schedule. together, we will cure duchenne muscular dystrophy!


read our impact report

making an impact on duchenne


accelerating curative treatments


 
10

since the inception of cureduchenne, life expectancy for duchenne has increased by a decade.

funding critical clinical trials


 
18

18 projects funded by cureduchenne have progressed to clinical trials.

making an impact


 
$50+m

we’ve raised over $50 million for research, education and care.

accelerating a cure


 
1st

cureduchenne contributed early funding for the first fda-approved duchenne drug.

working towards the future


 
$3b

our model has leveraged over $3 billion in follow-on funding for future programs from investors and biotech companies.



duchenne is a devastating muscle disease.
duchenne muscular dystrophy (dmd) is the most common form of muscular dystrophy, occurring in approximately 1:5,000 male births. those affected with dmd lose their ability to walk, feed themselves, breathe independently and succumb to heart failure.
but there’s hope through new pharmacological and gene-based therapies. you can help make a difference in finding a cure.
learn about duchenne


message from duchenne mom, debra miller
founder & ceo of cureduchenne
receiving the diagnosis for duchenne was the scariest time of my life and i know all about the emotions you are feeling. equipping yourself with the knowledge you need to get the best care for your child is the best thing you can do. connecting with other families going through the same thing can also be incredibly helpful.
once i had the confidence that i was going down the right path of care for my son, i founded the nonprofit cureduchenne and dedicated my life to raising funds to find a cure and to helping other families navigate care and clinical trials. consider all of us at cureduchenne as your team that is striving to make the future better for your child. schedule a call with our experts here.

latest duchenne news & upcoming events





latest news
napa in newport returns for its 11th annual celebration of wine, culinary excellence, and philanthropyfebruary 6, 2025blizzard entertainment® raises over $2 million for cureduchenne through world of warcraft ® charity pet program, funding lifesaving duchenne muscular dystrophy researchfebruary 5, 2025cureduchenne announces educational events for families and caregivers of individuals with duchenne or becker muscular dystrophy  january 31, 2025the cureduchenne international outreach program: expanding duchenne care beyond bordersjanuary 20, 2025when the power of humanity expands into the digital realm: “the remarkable life of ibelin” review november 26, 2024
view all latest news
upcoming events










cars, cigars & connections
february 22 @ 6:00 pm











workshop | birmingham, al
march 1 @ 8:00 am











napa in newport
march 1 @ 5:30 pm











duchenne community dinner session | louisville, ky
march 8 @ 6:00 pm











duchenne community dinner session | new orleans, la
march 22 @ 6:00 pm





view all events









 schedule your 1:1 with our experts for personalized support
here 












about

mission
about duchenne md

blog
store
news center



get involved

donate
fundraising
attend an event



cureduchenne

100 bayview circle, suite 5600
								newport beach, ca 92660
(949) 872-2552
								info@cureduchenne.org



get connected




















privacy policy | terms of use | indirect cost policy | tax info
cureduchenne is a 501c3 registered tax-exempt nonprofit organization. federal tax id: #20-0299958 | ©2025 cureduchenne. all rights reserved. 
please be advised that the contents within the cureduchenne site include a compilation of articles, advisements, and references from the community. cureduchenne does not provide medical advice nor is cureduchenne a medical provider. the intent of this shared content is to serve as a point of reference for informational purposes. please refer to your health care provider(s) for your individualized, specific care management needs. the cureduchenne website may contain links to external websites that are not provided and/or maintained by or in any way affiliated with cureduchenne. cureduchenne recommends that you review the terms of service and privacy policies of these external websites before entering.  please note that cureduchenne does not guarantee the accuracy, relevance, timeliness, or completeness of any information on these external websites.











newsletter signup
"*" indicates required fields


email*

area of interest*

research


family services


events


ways to give
consent yes, please keep me updated on news and announcements related to topics i’ve selected.by clicking the sign up, i agree to abide by the privacy policy.
 









 

			×			


 





































we use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. by continuing to use this site you are agreeing to accept our use of cookies. for more information about cookies please visit our privacy policy page.i agree






