





ca-online.org – the online service area  (osa) of cocaine anonymous – serving c.a. since september 16, 1999























































skip to content





ca-online.org
the online service area  (osa) of cocaine anonymous – serving c.a. since september 16, 1999



menu


osa meeting directory

email meetings


events

submit an osa event


service

about osa
12 & 12 & 12
c.a. virtual group petition form for membership in the osa
osa gsr report / request form
osa monthly business meeting
osa documents / downloads
delegates

summary of motions – 2024 world service conference
talk with your osa delegate


standing committees

helpline
meeting services

yes, you can start a c.a. online meeting
audio playback for gsr workshop – july 20, 2024


fund raising and special events
public information

about public information
story project


it committee
structure & bylaws
unity
archives
web servant




osa store

my account
cart
checkout


caws

c.a. world survey
caws 2025


our 7th tradition
osa history
 




menu














osa meeting directory 

want to stop? need help?
we have a solution: visit an osa virtual meeting.
download osa-meeting-directory-2024-08
meeting/group types:
open: attended by c.a. members, their families, friends and other interested people.
closed: attendance is limited to c.a. members only.
click here for email meetings
these are email based and run 24 hours a day, 7 days a week.
in keeping with c.a. traditions, there are no dues or fees for membership, we are self-supporting through our own contributions.

osa weekly virtual



featured meetings













































































































search osa website

search for:



site translatorsaturday, january 18th – 12:00 pm eastern



online region petition ballot






motion: for the osa ad-hoc ltp committee to poll the groups, and the delegates, alt delegates, seeking written approval for the osa to submit a petition to create and become part of a new online region of cocaine anonymous. 

your name
		*




email address
		*




phone no.
		*




service position - *note: only one vote per group via the gsr or alt gsr
		*

  
 gsr
 
 alternate gsr
 
 delegate
 
 alternate delegate



gsr: your group name
		




what was the date of your group's gc/business meeting when this motion was discussed and voted upon?.
		*




motion: for the osa ad-hoc ltp committee to poll the groups, and the delegates, alt delegates, seeking written approval for the osa to submit a petition to create and become part of a new online region of cocaine anonymous
		*

  
 yes, i vote in favor of the motion
 
 no, i vote against the motion



captcha
		





submit





					if you are human, leave this field blank.				







helpline@ca-online.org 

get help for substance abuse. we have a solution: 12 step recovery from cocaine and all other mind altering substances.




helpline







name
		*




email address
		*




inquiries
		*




captcha
		





submit





					if you are human, leave this field blank.				








meeting of the monthmeeting of the monthcurrent times around the world 













submit an article to the newsgram 

https://tinyurl.com/y9yu9213

the online service area of cocaine anonymous 

cocaine anonymous is a fellowship of, by, and for addicts seeking recovery. friends and family of addicts should contact co-anon family groups, a fellowship dedicated to their much different needs. some of the items contained in these pages are published with permission of c.a. world services, inc., but this does not imply endorsement of this website by the c.a. world service conference or the c.a. world service office. the information provided within this website is intended to be a convenience for those who visit our website. such inclusion does not constitute or imply endorsement by, or affiliation with, the area or the districts within. “cocaine anonymous world service conference approved literature. copyright © 2022 cocaine anonymous world services, inc. “c.a.”, “cocaine anonymous” and the c.a. logo are registered trademarks of cocaine anonymous world services, inc. all rights reserved.” “in the spirit of tradition six, c.a. is not allied with any sect, denomination, politics, organization or institution. as such in the area, district, service committees of cocaine anonymous and cocaine anonymous as a whole does not endorse and is not affiliated with or any of the companies and/or services offered on the site. any links to external websites or services are only provided as a convenience to our members.”
webservant@ca-online.org








	© 2025 ca-online.org	

		 | powered by minimalist blog wordpress theme	














we are using cookies to give you the best experience on our website.you can find out more about which cookies we are using or switch them off in settings.


accept

 






 


























close gdpr cookie settings






 


privacy overview




strictly necessary cookies




powered by  gdpr cookie compliance

 








privacy overview

this website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful.





strictly necessary cookies

strictly necessary cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings.




enable or disable cookies










if you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. this means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again.












enable all
save settings

 













