



roger hodgson, former vocalist and songwriter from supertramp.
























         translate     welcome to the official website of roger hodgson, the legendary co-founder of supertramp and singer-songwriter of the classic hits "dreamer," "breakfast in america," "give a little bit,"  "the logical song," "take the long way home," "it's raining again," "fool's overture," "school," "hide in your shell," "lovers in the wind," "lord is it mine"...and more!



		the logical song
	




			sorry, your browser doesn't support embedded videos. here's the link to the video

























 for booking information and available dates – click here
				  
			


				subscribe to roger's youtube channel
				for live tour videos, interviews & more!
 









    


 like roger on facebook  follow roger on twitter

 







 
 follow roger on twitter @rogerhodgson, send him a tweet and re-tweet with fans!"like" roger on facebook to follow his breakfast in america world tour! tweets by @@@rogerhodgson  

  citi fm winnipeg - even in the quietest moments 
 jeff liberty show december 2015 
  euromaxx interview munich 2015  tv carcassonne interview 
veszprï¿½m, hungary interview rock antenne interview with roger hodgson  roger hodgson interview from  europe back stage with roger hodgson former supertramp founder songwriter exclusive roger hodgson interview - creating the classics acoustic storm exclusive "in the eye of the storm" roger hodgson - across the universe - tribute to john lennonradio time michael smerconish interview with david wildroger hodgson interview radio new zealandthe most amazing interview w roger hodgson ~ denmark dk4 part 2 toazted with roger hodgson (supertramp)
 
more videos on roger's official youtube channel:     2018 world tour montage  breakfast in america 2018   roger hodgson world tour    breakfast in america world tourconcert reviews   "this concert turns into a time travel through more than 40 years of music history in two hours. the audience enjoyed the great performance just as much as roger hodgson and his band did. that could be sensed everywhere."erik winkes – regioactiv.de  full article   “tonight’s show reinforces the sheer volume of roger’s back catalogue, as he performs a large number of his supertramp contributions plus a sprinkling of his later solo works, and the most telling fact here is that, even though it is only his half of the supertramp catalogue that he perform, if this were a supertramp show, the setlist would feel satisfactorily complete." steve pilkington - classic rock society magazinefull article    “it is a night with a perfect host. graceful, showing genuine interest in his guests, radiating fine humour – that's how roger hodgson entertains his audience. hodgson celebrates his music, plays the keyboards, piano and guitar. the “voice of supertramp” with his vital tenor, which climbs the heights effortlessly, is supported by excellent musicians."regina tauer - mittelhessen.de full article   “he is a consummate musician that takes his craft seriously. every aspect of his performance was flawless.” jeb wright - classic rock revisited full article  for more concert reviews, click herefor more great videos go to roger's official youtube channel: give a little bitdreamerlord is it mine  take the long way home  the logical song  it's raining again  school  hide in your shelldon't leave me now  breakfast in americain jeopardyonly because of youchild of visioneven in the quietest momentsfool's overtureread what audiences have been saying about roger's shows...“i shoot shows for a local atlanta paper and this was hands down the best show of the year. i have shot over 40 acts this summer. roger hodgson was #1. what a set, incredible musicians, just a grand night to be a fan of his music.”  ~ chuck“the show was simply incredible! every song was an epic moment, your voice sounded perfect and the band played with marvellous grace!” ~ gabriel “…i returned to the past when i was 17 years old. roger was extraordinaire. i closed my eyes and i realized the chance i have to love this music. thank you roger for this specials moment and for the great times i will remember for the rest of my life.” ~ robert “your voice was and is truly amazing thank you for a great night.  you are the one that i have been waiting forever to see live and now my life is complete.” ~ lyn    “i had the honor and pleasure to be at your show. since my early teens i am a huge fan of your strong and also sweet voice, and and your songs. you write and sing with your heart. thank you so much for giving us the privilege of making our dreams come true. please come back.” ~ marcia  for more about what fans are saying, click hereconcert articles & reviews 
roger hodgson: excellence is perennial "if we closed our eyes, it was supertramp who were actually there.... almost nobody is indifferent to the sound of supertramp but it is also true that people often did not associate the name roger hodgson.  but after tonight, roger hodgson will be the reference for supertramp for the portuguese people."daniela azevedo - cotonete magazine portugal  full article 
breakfast in america 															tour - brussels, 															belgium review“this is music in its simplicity. no frills and no gimmicks. just an angelic voice that effortlessly scales the storm with the most widespread octaves, accompanied by pure instruments. hodgson still has that wonderful unlimited vocal range!” gerrit van de vijver – musiczine  full article  
review: northern 															lights theater “watching roger hodgson perform and interact with the audience, one couldn't fail to notice the positive energy he was emanating throughout the evening. a true touch of magic!”  mark kadzielawa – 69 faces of rock magazine  full article 
it's raining again as roger hodgson delights atlanta botanical gardens  "throughout the show it was remarkable that hodgson's voice has lost nothing since those days thirty years ago when he was lead singer for supertramp. his voice actually has greater inflection and expressiveness these days and he used both of those to great effect throughout the evening."   andrew snook – atlanta live music examinerfull article 
roger hodgson allows chandler audience to dream "beautiful. that’s the word that just keeps popping into your head when watching roger hodgson perform. breathtaking might also apply. i want more certainly would."  ted hansen – mesa classic rock music examinerfull article for the latest press reviews & articles, click here  

 buy directly from the artist!more autographed cds & dvds    "breakfast in america"celebrating 38 years  click here to listen to:the logical songbreakfast in americatake the long way homelord is it minechild of vision      buy now "classics live" click here to listen to:take the long way homegive a little bithide in your shellbreakfast in americaonly because of youlord is it minethe logical songschooldreamertwo of usit's raining againbuy now"open the door" click here to listen to:along came marylove is a thousand timesopen the doorhungrythe more i lookdeath and a zooshowdownsay goodbyethe gardenfor every manbuy nowroger hodgson wrote and composed the songs listed above on the breakfast in america album. though all the above songs that roger recorded with supertramp were credited equally hodgson/davies, that does not reflect how it really was. roger actually wrote his songs while he was alone and many of his biggest hits were songs he had written before he met rick and co-founded the band. roger and rick actually wrote separately, though they continued to share writer's credit. of course, it would have been roger's preference if he'd had better advice and had all the songs he wrote in just his name and the ones rick wrote just in rick's name so there would not be so much confusion about the difference in artistic, lyrical and musical styles of each songwriter and composer. classics live reviewfor most of my life, i've loudly and proudly identified myself as a supertramp fan. all these years later, i listen with awe to the altogether stunning new classics live album only to discover that i am, in fact, first and foremost, a major roger hodgson fan. his is the voice that spoke to me as a young man, and speaks to me even more powerfully all these years later. an utterly inspired collection of live performances of the best-loved songs that roger hodgson has written and sung to date, classics live reminds us in the most vivid way who brought the world such beloved rock standards as "give a little bit," "take the long way home," "the logical song" and "dreamer," and why these shining songs endure as deeply personal yet somehow universal expression of longing, love and our endless search for human connection. hodgson's performances on classics live were recorded in various venues around the world -- from france to brazil to germany to venezuela. some of the performances here are acoustic, some with a small rock band; others find hodgson backed by an orchestra too, and yet the entire album holds together as the deeply felt song cycle of a lifetime from an artist who for too long has been too humble to lay claim to his own remarkable musical legacy. roger hodgson may have taken the long way home, but with classics live he's back and he has never sounded better.david wildcontributing editor, rolling stone open the door is a brilliant solo album by roger with his same magic touch for melody, catchy hooks, and powerful, dramatic rock that made his work with supertramp so special. great songs from end to end. hodgson's classic falsetto voice remains in pristine condition, his playing & songwriting simply wonderful. open the door is a must-buy cd for the roger hodgson/supertramp faithful. here’s a few songs from this album to listen too above. some of our featured cds:     crime of the century   buy now crisis? what crisis? buy now     even in the quietest moments   buy now     in the eye of the storm   buy now   paris (live)     buy now  famous last words buy nowthe very best of supertramp(compilation) vol 1 buy nowvol 2 buy now    hai hai   buy now live in montreal dvd   click on dvd cover to purchase dvd reviews normally i'm not a fan of live albums or dvds. however, when this singer/songwriter from one of my favorite 70s bands, supertramp, released this dvd featuring his concert recorded in montreal in '06, i knew it wouldn't be anything less than stellar. i wasn't disappointed!   unlike most singers from our musical past, roger's voice seems to have only blossomed and improved with time. he gives 150% of himself, resulting in a sweet, soaring vocal performance.   beautifully produced, the audio and visuals are a treat for the senses.    it's a feel-good concert that will leave you smiling (and in my case, cheering!).   "the whole audience went several times into standing ovations as he sang and played as a "one man orchestra" either a "12 strings guitar", a piano, an electronic keyboard or the harmonica. this dvd is a gem as the stage production including lights and sound as well as the quality of the video (near hd) are excellent." “i currently have a badly broken leg, so about once a day i put in my hand-signed dvd and watch the concert from montreal. roger has such a positive attitude it makes me want to get up and dance! roger hodgson: rock on!” vk  you can get your autographed montreal dvd now at the roger hodgson store  more fan reviews "never have i seen an artist on stage make such a full and beautiful sound. no need for drums, no need for bass.  you were able to create it all." ~ alex "enjoyed a wonderful sunday evening concert at place des arts in montreal. your music and more importantly, your enthusiasm for expressing your music to the audience is inspiring! i felt that you sang each and every song with a passion ... not just an empty or bland repetition of sameness!  thank for a wonderful evening. ~ bruce  just wanted to say that i went to the roger hodgson concert and it may have been the best concert i have ever seen.  roger's voice is even better than it was when he was with supertramp. my friends and i were blown away by the sheer talent roger has. i would highly recommend anyone to go see roger live if they can.  thank you roger for a wonderful, entertaining night." ~ danny "god certainly blessed our world when he gave us roger hodgson." ~ judy and bob "you brought back memories hidden in me for so long. i had the best time since i don’t remember. thank you for the precious time you gave us. man, you made my year." ~ jean-marc "roger, your music has been my best friend through good times and bad...... and whenever a song of yours comes on, the troubles of everyday life never seem that bad. thank you...... from a diehard fan from way back! ~ ronald my first album played on my car stereo when i turned 17, my first love, my wedding, my first child's birth, thank you for the gift of your music and the wonderful memories i still get when i hear it or play it. your music is food for my ears, your music is poetry that speaks to us individually."  ~ julieanne  "i currently have a badly broken leg, so about once a day i put in my hand-signed dvd and watch the concert from montreal. roger has such a positive attitude it makes me want to get up and dance! roger hodgson: rock on! ~ val  roger’s songs are the only music that can move me to tears - his happy songs, his sad songs, they all get inside of my head and affect me like no other songs can do". ~ jo  "his music is from the heart... every lyric, every note, and every strum are don’t with wholesome love and passion. it's a kind of music that makes you happy no matter what mood you're in. it's the kind of music that makes you glad to be alive and able to enjoy the wonders of life."  ~ cameron  "there's nothing between the music and my heart. roger's voice pierces through the air like an arrow. ~ michael his music flows straight from his heart and soul into my heart and soul -- no detours, no boundaries. roger's music is the music of my life." ~ joni  "roger’s music pulled me back from the abyss in my darkest hours, it's never betrayed me, it's always touched deep inside and given me hope and strength, it's been in my heart since we "met", it's been the theme of my life, and its been my closest friend. and, roger's music helped me court and win my wife!" ~ jim   back to top home tour news store dvd bio photos discography media articles reviews guestbook contactroger's mailing list  media press kit© 2006-2019 roger hodgson productionsall rights reserved.  





