


welcome to the road to anaphe... the healing journey begins here!







 dear 
          visitors --
          i am currently working on a total revamp for this site. 
          please bear with me! thanks!
amanda
 
the road to anaphe's space 
          for
          -- currently unidentified, missing and murdered children and unsolved 
          murders --
"if you know who 
          we are, please help us!"


 




to 
                the left are nancy and joey bochicchio. to the right is a composite 
                sketch of a suspect that the police would like to catch and question 
                in relation to their murders on december 12, 2007. for more information 
                on this case, please visit http://www.bochicchiomemorial.com 
                or http://www.myspace.com/joeyandnancyslegacy 
                . thank you!










henry 
                  co., va - more than six years after the murders of the short 
                  family in henry county, the fbi has released a sketch of a man 
                  officials call a suspect. 
the drawing 
                  is of a man seen near the site of the murders, back in 2002. 
                  and the picture of a truck is one that looks similar to one 
                  seen in the oak level area during that time.
you'll 
                  remember, michael and mary short were found dead in 2002. nine-year-old 
                  jennifer short's remains were found in north carolina six weeks 
                  later.
for more 
                  information, please click here.























next retreat: projected fall, 
                2011 







enter 
          the site | 1024 x 768 
          or larger resolution | iframes enabled

 
site originally launched 
          at angelfire in june, 2000 _ /\_ site last updated: june 14, 2011









 































please 
                feel free to leave survivor plugs only.
                buttons must be exactly 88 x 31. thank you!












the road 
          to anaphe -- the sheldon kennedy archive website 
          is in no way affiliated with sheldon kennedy, the kennedy family, the 
          cha, calgary flames, boston bruins, detroit red wings, manitoba moose, 
          iihf, swift current broncos, ctv, cbc or the nhl. everything on this 
          site works in conjunction with fair use copyright law #107, and proper 
          credit is given where and whenever possible.
the road to 
          anaphe --the sheldon kennedy archive website is © 2000 - 2011 
          the vixen's lair.

















