




old town merchants & residents association – chicago's historic old town neighborhood















































































 


about

about us ssa #48 old town neighborhood business development program (nbdc) old town neighborhood foundation doing business in old town

membership

become a member member directory list

events

february mixer at fireplace inn 2025 valentine’s directory seminar on immigration legal requirements for businesses 2024 old town social gala 2024 holiday tree lighting

news/blogs

fern hill proposed development information old town & montmartre – twinned neighborhoods the 2024 wells street art festival is june 8 + 9th 2024 valentine’s directory n orleans park project wells street corridor plan






x
 
































 







  











welcome to old town  










 






 the old town merchants & residents association (otmra) is a non-profit organization that connects area residents, small businesses, and cultural organizations. our goal is to continue old town’s evolution as a safe and vibrant location to live, work and laugh. we host the wells street arts festival the first weekend of june every year. learn more at the wells street art fair website here.   old town chicago is a vibrant and historically rich neighborhood on the north side of chicago, which is known for its architecture, culture, art, theater, and  multigenerational businesses, including historical bars, quaint unique shops, and culinary gems. explore the old town of today through the 2024 guide, available in digital format here!learn more about our twin neighborhood partnering with montmartre, paris here. 








our service area is bordered by clark street to the east, division street to the south, halsted street to the west and eugenie street/north avenue to the north 










come join our community!














				events				












 
join us on february 6th from 4pm to 6pm for valentine's sip and shop event!









 
join us at fireplace inn (1448 n wells st.) on february 13 for our monthly mixer!









 
attend our seminar on immigration legal requirements on january 23









past events 








 

join us for the annual old town small business saturday celebration!the annual holiday tree lighting was november 19!join us at zanies for a neighborhood mixer!join us for the oct 9 networking extravaganza!join us for a neighborhood mixer at benchmark!join us for an otmra mixer at adobo grill!bastille day 2024old town health & wellness week is october 5 - 13! 

 

 























 











recent news


fern hill proposed development information


2024 valentine’s directory


2024 women owned businesses in old town








 














newsletterearly notification for events, activities & area news.
email address *first name last name select list(s) to subscribe togeneral subscribers yes, i would like to receive emails from old town merchants & residents association. (you can unsubscribe anytime)constant contact use. please leave this field blank.by submitting this form, you are consenting to receive marketing emails from: . you can revoke your consent to receive emails at any time by using the safeunsubscribe® link, found at the bottom of every email. emails are serviced by constant contact 









 


facebook
 



twitter
 



youtube
 



instagram
 








get in touchotmra@oldtownchicago.org.
1551 n. mohawk st.
chicago, illinois, 60610
312-951-6106 








memberful profile sign in 












 

					chicago's historic old town neighborhood				


about us
ssa #48 old town
member directory list
 

all rights reserved





























