









home - wind river tai chi chuan


























































		skip to content	



wind river tai chi chuan
qi gong & internal martial arts for health & enlightenment
menu and widgets




home
about

our name – the back story
tai chi chuan
key principles – wind river tai chi
health benefits
the tai chi classics
lineage


classes

class etiquette
when & where
typical class


contact us
media

photos
videos


links to websites of interest – tai chi
calendar of events
 

facebook
youtube
 

log infor staff only: please log into the site.

username


password

 remember me


meta

log in
entries feed
comments feed
wordpress.org

useronline8 users online

search for:



 







 

home 

welcome to wind river tai chi chuan, internal martial arts for health & enlightenment, tucson, arizona
jordan misner
tai chi chuan and chinese internal martial arts have been practiced for centuries to improve self-defense ability, health, strength and spiritual awareness.  tai chi practice has demonstrated benefits for easing arthritis pain, improving balance, and increasing flexibility in body and mind.

our practice and teaching are rooted in the martial and healing arts taught by world renowned grandmaster sam tam.
master tam is jordan misner’s sifu. jordan has been studying with sifu tam since 2002.  a student of chinese martial arts since 1992, sifu jordan has earned a reputation as a respected  skilled and knowledgeable teacher.
demonstrating standing meditation
our core practice is designed to cultivate integrated body, qi, and shen (spirit) through the practices of zhan zhuang (standing meditation), tai chi chuan, qi gong, and partner exercises. through the practice of yi chuan standing meditation and its postures the core structure and connections of the body/mind are integrated and strengthened.
as the student progresses there are opportunities to learn tai chi jian (straight sword), tai chi fan, tai chi short staff, and tai chi saber, as well as dao yin qi gong and 5 animal qi gongs.
our classes are ongoing and are designed to accommodate students at many levels of experience, as well as beginning students without previous experience. visitors are welcome to participate and meet our students during a class, and new students are welcome to join in our core classes at any time.

https://www.windrivertaichi.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/09/www.windrivertaichi.com-home-bounce.mp4


tai chi form - presstai chi form - brush kneetai chi class, standing meditationtai chi class, standing meditationtai chi form - lift hands
core classes are held weekly on saturday mornings. you will find us at the children’s memorial park next to the basketball courts in tucson, arizona.
contact us to let us know if you would like to join us or for more information.
 







© copyright 2004 - 2025 by  wind river tai chi - windrivertaichi.com. all rights reserved.
























