


rotuma website












what's new 
news

current news
news archive


bulletin board 
background information

history
archaeology
language
population
culture
arts & crafts
economy
religion
land tenure
political organization


geography

maps

rotuma & fiji
rotuma districts
rotuma villages
rotuma roads


districts

itu'muta
itu'ti'u
juju
malhaha
noa'tau
oinafa
pepjei




language

rotuman language
english-rotuman wordlist
language
                    lessons
language bibliography


music

music and dance
albums & songs


myths and legends

aspects of myth
legend of raho
first rotuman kings
kirkirsasa
'äeatos


sports 
life stories
life events

births
graduations
marriages
deaths
other


contemporary artists
rotuma high school
youth corner
läjerotuma
publications

archives
bibliography
recent books and theses
recent articles
papers by alan & jan
kato'aga: rotuman ceremonies
musical recordings


literature

literary competitions
modern poetry


forum
district associations
recipes
humour
photo albums
video clips 


today's weather on rotuma

rotuma from space




noa‘ia ‘e mauri
welcome to a website for the rotuman people


rotuma is a volcanic island of approximately 43 sq. kilometers,
            located at 12 degrees south latitude and 177 degrees east longitude,
            approximately 465 kilometers north of fiji. although the island has
            been politically part of fiji since 1881, rotuman culture more closely
            resembles that of the polynesian islands to the east, most noticeably
            tonga, samoa, futuna and uvea. because of their polynesian appearance
            and distinctive language, rotumans now constitute a recognizable minority
            group within the republic of fiji.
          
to search this website go to bottom of page and use keywords in designated space

          one purpose of this website is to provide information about rotuman
          society and culture to those who wish to learn more about the island
          and its people. it contains information about rotuman history,
          archaeology, language, population, culture, economy, religion, land
          tenure, and political
          organization, as well as maps. a summary of recent publications concerning rotuma is also presented.
          a second purpose is to provide rotumans, and those already familiar
            with the island, with news from rotuman communities around the world.
            far more rotumans now live abroad (in fiji, australia, new zealand,
            the united states and europe) than live on the home island. this
            website is intended to give them a place where they can share news
            and communicate with one another. for these purposes a news page is
            included, as well as a bulletin board. 






 
what's new
if you are a frequent visitor to this site here is a quick way to
          find out what's been posted recently. this will save you having to
          surf around trying to find new items.



sports central
a section devoted to rotuman athletes, their accomplishments, and
            issues concerning their development and well-being. 



life stories
a section of the website devoted to autobiographical accounts by members
      of the global rotuman community, as well as news stories about individual
        rotumans that appear in the media. 



life events
a section of the website for announcing life events, such as births, marriages, graduations, deaths, first communions, promotions to high position and other life-changing events.


rotuman youth corner
this section of the rotuma website is for young people, up to the
          age of 18, to express themselves through writing and artwork. it is
          a place to post opinions, essays, poems, (in either english or rotuman),
          copies of artwork (in digitalized form), and other suitable creative
      productions that relate to one's rotuman heritage. 



lajerotuma initiative
this landmark project, started by rotumans in fiji, aims to fund environmental
          projects on rotuma, including costal cleanups and school-based environmental
          education. it is a most timely project and deserving of support from
          rotumans everywhere concerned with preserving the island's environment.



the complete text of
              elizabeth k. inia's book, kato'aga: rotuman ceremonies
kato'aga: rotuman ceremonies was published in 2001 by the institute
          for pacific studies, university of the south pacific, suva. the book
          descibes in detail the performance of rituals associated with birth,
          marriage, death, chieftainship, and much more.



collected papers of alan howard
              and jan rensel
the full texts of  papers published in professional journals
          and as chapters in books by alan howard and jan rensel are available
          here. the papers were published between 1961 and 2006 and cover various
          aspects of rotuman culture and history during nearly fifty years of
          research.



video clips from rotuma in 1990
video clips taken on rotuma in 1990 illustrating various aspects of
        life on the island during that time.



photo essays from
              alan howard's visit to fiji and rotuma from 1959 to 1961
an account of alan's visit to fiji and rotuma during 1959-61 in multiple
          installments, with accompanying photographs.
installment: 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17



rotuman albums
              and songs
a selection of contemporary cds of rotuman music, with samples of
          songs from each in mp3 format, and additional musical clips.



minutes of the rotuma council
downloadable pdf files of the minutes of rotuma council meetings (in
          rotuman): december 2003, january 2004, march 2004, june 2004, july 2004, september 2004, november
          2004.



contemporary rotuman artists
a section featuring artists who draw on rotuman culture for inspiration.          



poetry and short stories 
prize-winning entries in rotuman and english in response to the alan
            ma jan literary competitions for 2004 and 2005 and other
            literary contributions.



rotuman forum
the rotuman forum is a site where viewpoints on rotuman history, culture,
          language, and politics can be posted. the purpose of the forum is to
          give rotumans, and other interested parties, an opportunity to share
          their views regarding matters of concern to the rotuman community.



district associations
introducing a new section to the rotuma website devoted to sharing information concerning associations within the global rotuman community that are organized on the basis of afffiliation with a district, or part of a district, in rotuma. 


rotuman recipes
recipes for rotuman dishes. check out the photo essay by hillary morris
          on making fekei ulu (breadfruit dessert).



rotuman humour
a collection of jokes and funny stories contributed by rotumans.



rotuman language lessons
a set of rotuman language learning lessons prepared by dr marit vamarasi



news
              archive 
news pages dating back to september 1996 are archived, complete with
      photos. 



 rotuman
              archives
a compendium of documents describing various aspects of rotuman culture
          during the 19th and early 20th centuries. prm



linked sites

rotumans on facebook
south australian rotuman website
aspects of history
fiji government online (search for rotuma)
rotuman ordinances
wikipedia article
google earth map of rotuma
rotuman arm tattoo 
rotuman traditional medicine (video by will mcclatchey)
fiji shores and marinas: rotuma
the rotuma project









note: any information obtained
          from this website that is used for publication should be acknowledged
          by citing the website address, date of acquisition and information
          pertinent to original authorship. for general guidelines regarding
          web citations see the guide for citing electronic information .








 








   search this site or the web        powered by freefind 



 
                        



  
                        
                        site search
                        
                        web search



site map    what's new    search




webmaster: alan howard
            last modified: 7 october, 2020 
            email: ahoward@hawaii.edu


 



















