



















k troop - 11th armored cavalry regiment - hosted by bob hersey






































































































search

when ever duty calls
  our country to be free,
  with a thunderous roar
we will ride again, 11th cavalry



we
  few. we happy few. we band of brothers  . . .
  for he that sheds his blood with me this day, shall be my brother.











welcome. 
  i'm bob hersey.  i served with k troop, 11th armored cavalry regiment
  from april 1968 until april 1969.  i am proud of my service with the 
		  blackhorse
  regiment in vietnam and of the men whom i served with. this site is
  dedicated to them - those who came home and those who did not.

while in k troop, i photographed over 500 subjects
  chronicling the lives of the blackhorse troopers - their courage, their
  sacrifices, their triumphs and their heartaches.  the 
  photo
  gallery is a tribute to them.
  
  if you explore nothing else on this website,
  please at least visit the photo
  gallery and see why the 11th armored cavalry regiment was the finest
  fighting force of men in vietnam.
  


 










in addition to taking over 500 photographs i sent
  home to my parents 92
  letters all of which are reprinted on this site here.





 






like some of my buddies we had
          audio tape recorders. i sent 22 tapes home to my folks.  excerpt,
          including firefights, may be found
          here .

 







what
  else will you find here?  begin at 
  
base
  camp.  this is your base of operations.  at base camp you will
  find the "meat and potatoes" of k troop (sorry, i was a cook). 
  in the orderly
  room you will find my 201 file, letters, dd form 214, the daily report and
  more.  hungry?   stop by the 
  mess
  hall.  the coffee's on and so is a little lighthearted humor. 
  along your journey, you will find an informative 
  history
  of the "blackhorse regiment" - the 11th armored cavalry.
in addition, you will find a tribute to k troop's
  fallen heroes on the taps
  page.  see which hollywood celebrity has joined the growing list of
  contributors on contributor's
  corner.   stop by the motor
  pool and see why the vc called the m113a
  - armored cavalry assault vehicle (acav) the - green dragon
  and don't forget to visit the photo
  gallery.  the pictures tell the whole story of k troop in vietnam.
feel like chatting with an old friend or like to make
  new friends, enter k troop's chat
  room.





follow
  us and like us on facebook 
allons!
  (let's go)
bob
  hersey
 




before you go,




the guest book has
migrated to facebook here.



search
  the old guest book












the
  honor roll is dedicated to the 62 brave men
  of k troop who were killed in vietnam.  we honor their memory.  their names are
  inscribed here that they might never be forgotten.
for the honor roll by date in history - go here 





39th 
		annual reunion omaha, nebraska  2024
		september 2 - 8, 2024

		the 39th annual reunion of the 11th 
		acvvc will be held in omaha, nebraska.
hilton omaha1001 cass 
		streetomaha, ne 68102

for reservations visit 


		www.11thcavnam.com . by phone 
		1-888-943-2768 before cutoff date of august 7, 2024group code: 
		armor/11thacvvcroom rate $137.00 single, double, triple, quad
		self parking $8.00 per daycompimentary airport shuttle service
		lobby bar and lounge with corner market for on the go meals and 
		starbucks.
please watch this space for 
		further information or visit
		
		here.





38th 
		annual reunion  
		grand rapids, mi  2023september 
		18 - 24, 2023
grand 
		rapids, michigan was the site of the widely attended 38th annual renuin of the 
		11th armored cavalry's vetereans of vietnam and cambodia held september 
		18-24, 2023.  by all indications, it was a huge success with 63 k 
		troopers family and friends in attendance. the host hotel was the beauiful
		amway
grand plaza hotel, 187 monrow nw, 
		grand rapids, mi 49503.  booking site is here 




		https://book.passkey.com/e/50392329.

		for more information about this reunion
		
		go here.

















blackhorse
    memorial
now at its
      new home
ft. benning,
      georgia
monument
      dedicated
      aug. 20, 2015




a

  ground breaking ceremony for the new 11th cavalry memorial took  place on
  veterans day, tuesday, november 11, 2014 at 11:30 am at the site of the future
  national armor and cavalry museum in columbus, ga.  construction
  for the new memorial began in early 2015 and was dedication at the 30th annual reunion of the 11th acvvc.
the
      ground breaking was held in conjunction with the official dedication
      of pattons' park (see pages one
      and two
      of the flyer).  to see the video that
      describe the plans, go
      here.

the
      park is a 750 foot walking trail featuring nine combat vehicle displays
      tracing the development of armor from ww ii to the present and a parking
      area for 30 vehicles. it is located on fort benning boulevard just outside
      the gate at fort benning, ga and adjacent to the national infantry museum.
      please join us on veterans day for these two important events.
search 
		the memorial for the names of the fallen
		here at the official 
		memorial website of the blackhorse association.

to follow this
  remarkable project's progress, go
  here.



11th
      armored cavalry in vietnam - youtube
posted by
      zenoswarbirds









 







found in 1971
blackhorse lighter emerges
          after all these years

rolf hill returns from italy in
          '71
          with lighter in hold baggage
 






after returning from an assignment in
  italy, army specialist rolf hill found an unusual
  item he didn't expect to find, a nearly new blackhorse lighter.  rolf and
  his wife, jan kept the lighter all these years with the hope that it might
  find its way back to its owner.  they sent me the lighter for safekeeping
  in k troop's artifacts collection where it will be shared with our blackhorse
  family at our annual reunions.
rolf writes, "i
  was stationed in italy ('70-'71). . . the only thing we can think of was that
  the lighter was packed (by mistake) in my household goods when i returned to
  maryland.  (it might have fallen out of someone's pocket into my stuff;
  we don't know).  another possibility rolf considers is that it could have
  belonged to the "colonel" who lived in the same apartment building as
  rolf.
thank you rolf and
  jan for caring for this important piece of our blackhorse history all these
  years and for sending it "home".














congratulations to our blackhorse brothers at
     a troop,11th
    acr, winners of the first presidential unit citation awarded by the obama
    administration.
read more here
video
















thunder run
          pizza run 

          










pizza
  for
  our
  veteran
patients

dan stroia began a pilot program over
  3 years ago at the va hospital in phoenix, arizona.  the program
  provides pizza and soda pop to the veteran patients at the phoenix
  hospital.  dan would like to take his program nation wide and invites all
  members of the 11th cavalry's veteran troopers of vietnam and cambodia to
  join him in providing in their area va hospitalized veterans with pizza
  & soda pop.
if you would like to share in this very worthwhile project and put tons of
  smiles on our fellow veteran patients faces then contact dan and he will
  give you all the details that you will need to begin a thunder
  run pizza run at your area va hospital.  dan says that the
  only cost to you would be your time.  funds for the program may be
  provided  by veterans organizations such as the dav, vfw, american legion
  and others.  for additional information visit here
  and look for entries 474 through 478.
dan stroia
  k troop 11th acr, vietnam '67-'68
  8350 e. mckellips #158
  scottsdale, az 85257



  cell 480 242 7040
ktroop6768@yahoo.com



























        blackhorse
        cigarette lighter found

australian, keiran bailey
      finds lighter on australian beach
38 years in
      the surf.



keiran
  bailey of victoria, australia found this remarkably preserved lighter clearly
  marked black horse with our distinctive blackhorse patch on the face and on
  the back, 11th cav, xuan loc, vietnam with the date, 1969-1970.  keiran
  found it during the australian summer of 1991-'92 while snorkeling in a place
  called congwong
  bay on the northern corner on the march larger botany bay, some 23 kms
  south of sydney, and sent the lighter to me to
  preserve and to share it with our blackhorse brothers.  bill lewellen, of
  k troop, is bring
  this historic artifact to the 23rd annual reunion in chicago of the 11th acvvc
  for everyone to see and marvel over.
keiran writes that while snorkeling, he was looking for some
  shells, rocks or sponge coral for his marine aquarium.  he says that
  while swimming along he noticed a metallic glint about 15 meters from the
  shore.  upon investigation he notice the lighter wedged between the sand
  and some pebbles in a crevasse about 15 feet deep with only the shinier base
  of the light showing in the light of day.  he recognized it immediately
  as a zippo lighter not unlike the one he himself owned.  the lighter sat
  in his undersea treasure collection until a year ago when he examine the
  inscriptions, did a web search and sent in on to us here at ktroop.com.
inscribed on the bottom of the light are the words, "new
  oriental", presumably the manufacturer.  the lighter has no personal
  inscription so we can only wonder who might have lost it.  in all likelihood
  it was lost by a blackhorse trooper while on r&r (rest & relaxation) in sydney.  if it did
  wash from the shores of vietnam all the way to australia that would be an extraordinary
  journey for this lighter to take, but i wonder?
mr. bailey writes in the letter that he enclosed with the
  lighter, "i am very pleased and it makes me content to know that this
  lighter is finally in its rightful place among its original owners.  i
  hope and pray it conjures up some good memories for your blackhorse
  buddies.  i'm sure that if this lighter could talk it would disclose a
  vast amount of incredible stories to share with us all".
i thank mr. bailey for sending the lighter along to us, at his
  own expense, and after having done some creative internet investigative work
  in locating us hear at k troop, 11th acr, vietnam at ktroop.com.
sadly, in march of 2011, keiran was
  struck by a motorist and killed while riding his bicycle.












your place in history at k
  troop's - contributor's corner. 
  see who has contributed their photos, stories, personal letters and more.  who knows,
  you might see yourself in your buddy's photo.  do you have some of your own that you
  would like to share?  send them along and i'll include them.  for more details,
  visit your corner of k troop - contributor's
  corner.
your newest contributor - errol
  brumm served as k troop's maintenance sergeant in 1967-'68.


















my audio tapes
sent home from vietnam
                           
      







i, like many of my
  buddies, sent home audio tapes to loved ones.  some of us sent reel to reel and
  others sent cassette tapes.  i recorded mine on a sony, portable desktop cassette
  tape recorder.  the recordings captured my impressions of the war and my service with
  k troop.  not only do they convey personal messages, exchanged with my mother and
  father, they also contain radio transmissions, firefights, tv broadcasts and sounds of
  vietnam.  i've chosen what i consider to be the best of the 22 tapes and placed them here.  a fraction of the total are available now.  new
  excerpts are added each week.











 

declaration of support


we, combat
  veterans of the 11th armored cavalry regiment (blackhorse), fought for the
  united states of america in vietnam and cambodia.  during this war against communist aggression, our nation was bitterly
  divided and many american citizens rose in protest against our involvement. members of our
  armed forces were the objects of disdain and ridicule. we returned home to a national
  landscape of public opinion and political division unchanged until the morning of
  september 11, 2001. 
read the entire declaration here.










see what military.com is
  saying about bob hersey and k troop
  in an article called, "cooking for k troop - my life with the 11th armored
  cavalry regiment in vietnam".   visit military.com
  today.






yours truly
  is making a splash at seabeecook.com in a  featured article on the cooks & bakers
  page titled a cook with the blackhorse in vietnam. 
  visit seabeecook.com today and discover more
  about us military - cooks and bakers.








millions and
      millions have visited
since may 20, 1999
recommended by the

our achievement awards
paste our logo on to your web
    site
















home | 
  base camp | photos |
  guest book | taps | contributor's corner
honor roll | links | feed back | reunions
  | search | site map | absent
  comrades  








updated: august 26, 2024


send mail to: 


the webmaster
 about this web site
      copyright ©  1999 - 2024
mission statement


disclaimer
please read before browsing
      this site






   
  
   

