

cottonwood software: file-ex and windows utilities for power-users













cottonwood software




windows utilities for power-users




home



what's new




products


file-ex v.3

file-ex 98 (v.2)

delayer free!

reservation software








free downloads





free registration!





accolades


awards & honors

reviews

what customersare saying



more info


f.a.q.

contact us



























turn that tiny file open dialog...









        ...into a power tool!

 




 
file-ex saves valuable time and mouse clicks...

automatically enhances almost all windows applications, saving you valuable time.
 
larger file window reduces scrolling clicks by up to 90%.
 
re-opens the last folder used so you don't have to hunt for it each time you open a file.
 
default to the sorting you like, and have it remember the column widths in details view.
 
remembers 100 recent and favorite folders / files, reducing clicks to the file you need.
 
create and open a new folders with fewer steps -- opens to the new folder automatically.
 
built-in find tool searches all of your hard drives for files.
 
...and more!
 
(works in all versions of windows from 95 to xp)





try it now for free!












"file-ex is one of the handiest programs i've found for working with files
     and folders. it's loaded with lots of excellent features and i wouldn't
     want to be without it. this is a *must-have* utility and i recommend it
     highly!" -- michael e. callahan aka dr. file finder (tm) 







what's new

( web page updated: 
feb. 25th, 2020 )


 file-ex earns a 5-cow rating on tucows!


see our new  tips & tricks page for help with getting the most out of file-ex.


windows vista : please be aware that file-ex is not currently compatible with vista, and at the current time we 
cannot guarantee that there will be a vista version available.  we are investigating the possibility and will update
this site when we have more information.





check out some of our reviews!









home / 
file-ex / 
downloads / 
free registration! / 
contact us





 
















    if you have any problems, comments, or questions, please e-mail us! 
    
e-mail: web3 atsign cottonwoodsoftware.com(change "atsign" to "@" and remove spaces, of course)
    



copyright © 1996-2005 cottonwood software.  all rights reserved


 






