





aps - hollywood success




















 

 






promotion/marketing/networking



		live seminar events

 rock riddle bio


event calendar

 videos here


promotion/marketing/pr




this website is being completely rebuilt
please overlook any temporary . . . "strangeness."  
		thank you!  








































it 
			really is 
			. . .

			all
			about
			you! 

			and you're invited!






please join 
				us for our

event of the month!












a very special actors' seminar & networking event

covering 
			marketing-promotion-networking-pr-insight/insider information and 
			more!








				 >>  sunday, 
				july 3, 2016:  12:00 noon - 2:15 pm <<
at a 
			beautiful air-conditioned theatre in a great area with lots of free 
			parking


the jeremiah comey 
			studios --
			12215 ventura 
			blvd., suite 111, studio city, ca 91604



the jeremiah comey 
			studio is located in the times square plaza, the home of peet's 
			coffee, about 1 1/2 blocks west of laurel canyon blvd.



►





					event info here


◄








































					amazon.com best seller!
 the
					amazing 
					500-page book
  "how to become a magnet to hollywood success"
            
					  by michele blood & rock riddle

◄ click on the 
					book for more information or to order ►



► 

"l.a. splash magazine" 
					says . .. . 


"hollywood success book 
					overtakes harry 
					potter!"





click here for how to become a magnet to hollywood success 3 dvd system with workbook
					click here for be a magnet to hollywood success creative visualization 
					cd

















welcome 

 
  welcome
		to 
hollywood success -- the cyber home of aps 
-- associated producers  services, actors promotional services, aps 
		entertainment, and, of course, hollywood success marketing and public 
		relations. 
founded in hollywood, california 
in  1978, aps is a
networking organization, a support system, a publicist and a highly effective "marketing
machine" for  entertainment industry professionals 
-- producers, directors, casting directors, agents, 
managers, entertainment attorneys, film financiers, and a limited number of 
professional actors and actresses.  









aps 
    productions - hollywood success marketing & public relations - associated producers services - actors' 
    promotional services, ltd. - aps entertainment








our mission                


for
over 30 years, our mission has
been to empower select professionals in the film and television industry -- to provide
them with the tools, support and opportunities that help them achieve success more
quickly.  we work with dedicated, determined industry professionals who will 
achieve a high level of success -- with us or without us.  our job is 
simply to greatly speed up the
process.









aps 
    productions - hollywood success marketing & public relations - associated producers services - actors' 
    promotional services, ltd. - aps entertainment








company profile 
even 
after having pursued the film and television
industry for years, dozens of brilliantly talented
actors and actresses give up their "hollywood dreams" every day.  these gifted people
know their craft, but they don't know their business.  
 
it's show business - not show art.  
 
our organization provides the business aspects of 
the entertainment industry.  we provide powerful 
pr, marketing, promotional,
networking, and support systems for both sides of the industry --
for actors and actresses "in front of 
the camera" -- and for executive producers, producers, 
directors, casting directors, agents, managers and others "behind the camera".
we screen the actors (and their acting talent) for producers and we screen producers for 
the actors.  we provide business 
and networking opportunities
where talented professionals have the opportunity to get to know each other and work
together.    
hundreds of success stories have arisen as a result of our efforts:  producers
have acquired financing, directors and casting directors have been hired, co-productions
have been initiated, hundreds of actors have been hired (including many starring
roles), and dozens of projects have come to fruition as a result of aps networking events
alone!  hundreds of producers, directors, and stars have sent us 
thank-you letters.  and, literally hundreds of actors have sent us
thank-you testimonial letters.     









aps 
    productions - hollywood success marketing & public relations - associated producers services - actors' 
    promotional services, ltd. - aps entertainment







our ceo


our
organization -- hollywood success marketing & public 
relations which includes aps entertainment, associated 
producers services, actors' promotional services, and  -- 
is the brainchild of s.w. "rock" riddle.  a former
professional athlete, rock is a leading expert in 
the marketing and promotion of 
professionals in the film and television industry.  he holds a
degree in criminology & law enforcement and financed his college education by doing
private investigative, detective, and surveillance work.
within weeks of his arrival in hollywood, california, rock began investigating the film and television industry.  
he discovered what
appeared to be, from a marketing point of view, several gaping holes, and immediately set to work to provide
solutions.  for 2½ years he marketed himself as an actor, and worked in dozens of
film and tv projects with principal (or better) billing as a result.  as he began
providing marketing and networking for others in the industry, rock discovered that he no
longer had time to promote himself.  in 1979, he turned his
full attention to aps, and, to
date, has personally invested  over well over 145,000 hours into the project.
rock also worked as a sag-franchised talent agent and was co-owner
of a successful hollywood talent agency.  he ended up selling his 50% in order to devote all of his
time and attention to aps - actors' promotional services, associated producers services,
aps entertainment, and, of course, hollywood success 
marketing & public relations!
a more detailed, in-depth story on aps' founder 
is here.









aps 
    productions - hollywood success marketing & public relations - associated producers services - actors' 
    promotional services, ltd. - aps entertainment









copyright © 2016 -- 
aps entertainment, hollywood success marketing and public 
relations and rock riddle -- all rights reserved
aps entertainment, 
6464 sunset blvd., suite 740, hollywood, ca  90028
serving the entertainment industry since 
1978 -- same address and phone for over 30 years
(323) 462-2777  --  e-mail:  rock @ 
hollywoodsuccess.com
[ home ] [ actors' membership services ] [ aps calendar of events ] [ rock riddle bio ] [ video here ] [ wrestling revue ]
