
home







phone





email





youtube





facebook























lake cypress springs 
lcs waterfront homes
 
lcs waterview homes
 
lcs waterfront lots

 
lake bob sandlin 
lbs waterfront homes
 
lbs waterview homes
 
lbs waterfront lots

 
property search 
search the mls
 
featured listings
 
lake fork
 
burton star properties
 
luxury property listings
 
other northeast texas lakes
 
save your search

 
more 
faqs
 
fcwd
 
mt. pleasant chamber
 
mt. pleasant isd
 
mt. vernon chamber
 
mt. vernon isd
 
pittsburg chamber
 
pittsburg isd
 
realtor.com
 
titus county freshwater dist
 
winnsboro chamber
 
winnsboro isd
 
winnsboro online guide
 
youtube channel

 
tips 
loans
 
buyer tips
 
mortgage calculator
 
free property guides
 
quality service for home buyer
 
benefits of home ownership
 
seller tips
 
while your home is being shown
 
your home value
 
quality service for home seller

 
contact 
agents
 
careers
 
home

















 












coldwell banker lakehaven of mt. vernon texas











featured listings













coldwell banker lakehaven realtorsproperty listings in the mt. vernon, texas area


to our customers & clients:
when buying or selling real estate, our sales associates will provide you experienced, outstanding, professional real estate service. our sales associates have many years of experience serving the northeast texas "piney woods" area. we pride ourselves in having extensive knowledge of waterfront properties and other real estate on lake cypress springs and bob sandlin. our lakes offer some of the best recreational properties for both the weekender as well as retirement living. we are members of the greater tyler association of realtors (gtar) and the dallas mls (ntreis). this assures access to all listed real estate properties via the internet. we are also members of several large referral networks and strive to provide excellent service to their clients.
serving northeast texas lakes:  lake cypress springs, lake bob sandlin, other area lakes, mt. vernon, winsboro, pittsburg, and mt. pleasantcounties:  franklin, camp, titus, wood, and surrounding areastowns:  mt. vernon, mt. pleasant, pittsburg, winnsboro



lake cypress springs
"one of the best kept secrets" and the most beautiful lake in northeast texaslocated 100 miles northeast of the dallas metroplex, exit 146, off i-30 at mt. vernonprimarily a recreational lake, include, swimming, skiing and fishingspring-fed and amply stocked with black and largemouth bass, trophy catfish and crappiesurface area covers 3,461 acres with maximum depth of 56 feetgated and restricted residential developmentsnumerous campsites are availableparks and other swimming attractions for childrenfranklin county water district owns and maintains lake cypress springs


lake bob sandlin
located just east of the lake cypress springs dama recreational lake as well as a fantastic fishing lakesurface area covers 9,004 acresmaximum depth of 65.6 feetthis lake provides its best fishing in the springtrophy bass and crappie make the lake a fisherman's paradisehighlighting the lake is the beautiful 641-acre state park which has 1.6 miles of shoreline directly on the main body of the lake.lake bob sandlin was constructed by and is under the jurisdiction of the titus county fresh water district.


lake fork
lake fork reservoir is located on lake fork creek which is a major tributary of the sabine riverthe reservoir is owned and operated by the sabine river authority of texas.lake fork dominates the texas top 50 big bass list with 34 entries. to be on the texas top 50 list, it takes catching a bass over 15 pounds. in addition to these "over 15 pound bass", lake fork has also held the state record for largemouth bass since 1986lake fork is nationally known as an "anglers haven"has a unique and unchallenged status as the "big bass capital of texas"is the major source of all 13 pound plus bass caught in texashas an abundance of rv parks, motels, cabins, etc. for overnight accommodations








save your search
when a listing hits the market within the parameters you choose...
we will send you all properties matching your search criteria. 


save one now



featured communities


  lake cypress springs 


  lake bob sandlin 


  fork lake 


  lake properties 


  farm & ranch 


  land 


  residential 




what's your
home worth?
find out now

 








contact us
(903) 588-2658
cblakehaven1@gmail.com


visit us
2780 fm 115
mount vernon, tx 75457






                copyright 2018 ©
                
                    cevado™ 
                
                 | all rights reserved | 
                
                    legal notices
                
                 | 
                





