







loop barcelona – the platform for artists films and videos















































loop fair

overview
galleries & artists
committee
loop virtual
loop protocol
jury & awards
past editions


loop festival

overview
activities
past editions


loop symposium
city screen

overview
past editions


loop studies

professional meetings
loop talks
video channel


loop co-productions
other projects

residences
a-place
commissioned projects
publications
videocloop


about
news
press
loop collection
partners loop
englishespañolcatalàenglishenglishespañolcatalà
menu








loopbarcelona



fair
18 - 20 nov. 2025




the platform
for artists'film






 
'the invisible worm' by rosalind nashashibi at loop fair 2024 presented by grimm, amsterdam | new york | london. photography: nereis ferrer.





featured




natasha tontey wins the han nefkens foundation – loop barcelona video art production grant 2024
this distinctive grant, inaugurated in 2018, is designed to support the development of contemporary video art, with a special focus on artists from asia or currently residing in the region.





“colorless, odorless” (2024) by eunhee lee, winner of the han nefkens foundation – loop barcelona video art production grant 2023
the video premiered last november 23rd at the inside-out art museum, beijing, accompanied by a talk with eunhee lee, moderated by na rongkun. 





loop barcelona presents a two-day symposium entitled “images that move us forward” curated by filipa ramos
the program will take place november 20-21, and will bring together artists, collectors, commissioners, curators, gallerists, programmers, producers, distributors and scholars to discuss artists' cinema.





einaidea and loop barcelona renew their collaboration for 2024
einaidea, the platform created by the fundació eina and directed by writer and curator manuel cirauqui, will curate three proposals as part of the 22nd edition of the loop festival titled "a subtle shake."





bound by time: loop announces a unique collaboration with f.p. journe and phillips —an alliance inspired by maze. 
artist films are a time-based exercise that engage our senses and minds: this partnership unites art, horology, and curatorial expertise in a celebration of time.





loop barcelona and institut del teatre present “the myth of trinity ii”, a live performance by thomas radin
on november 18th at 7.00 pm, the artist—represented by esther schipper—will present a live performance based on the themes that constitute his poetic: heritage, spirituality and mythology 




view all news










about loop
news
press
loop collection
archive & community
partners loop


videocloop































we use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on out website. by continuing to browse this site you accept our cookies and privacy policy.



continue
					


















c/ àngels 16, 08001 barcelona, spain+34 932 155 260contact the loop team








facebook
twitter
instagram
youtube












subscribe to our newsletter



subscribe to our newsletter













i give permission to loop to send me information about their programmes				


×











© loop barcelona 2025
legal notice







english  español  català  
















