







home - mary casanova












































































skip to content







home
books
about
rainy lake
for writers

northwoods young writers conference


contact
 

 menu


home
books
about
rainy lake
for writers

northwoods young writers conference


contact
 







facebook
 



instagram
 












mary
casanova 



artwork by nick wroblewski from hush hush, forest 



 























welcome! 



i’m mary casanova, author, story­teller, and writing mentor. i think you’ll enjoy exploring my website. there’s something here for everyone! 
since i fell in love with writing in my teens, i’ve spent my life crafting stories with the goal of writing stories that matter and engaging readers of all ages. much of my inspi­ration comes from my daily life near the minnesota-canada border…but ideas come from every­where and i’ve also written novels set in norway, france, and belize. 
i want to thank everyone whom i’ve met or who has written to me with their positive comments about my picture books, chapter books, novels for young people, or my young adult/crossover novels. i’m grateful for the privilege to explore characters and issues with you, the reader!
may the adven­tures continue!
- mary 







 photo by susan swanson











what’s new? 






photo gallery 





writers 2023 at north­woods young writers camp on atsokan islanda gold rush day in denverdawn, rainy lake, on minnesota-canada borderour nellie with her long lashes!sunset on lake kabetogamatrail riding time of year in northern minnesota 

 

 









writing camp 2024! 




 


































 






mary casanova is a fiscal year 2023 and 2024 recipient of a creative support for individuals grant from the minnesota state arts board and the arrowhead regional arts board.
this activity is made possible by the voters of minnesota through a grant from the minnesota state arts board, thanks to a legislative appropriation by the minnesota state legislature; a legislative appropriation from the arts and cultural heritage fund; and by a grant from the national endowment for the arts. 






 









© 2010–2025 mary casanova. all rights reserved. privacy policy. 






 




website services by winding oak, llc. 















 






exciting news! 



i am one step closer to realizing the dream of turning my 1920s novels into a television series called rainy lake. i've written the pilot, or episode one, and it just won: 





best tv series
from script awards
 los angeles 





 









 
learn more






































