








extension fond du lac county – university of wisconsin-madison























































skip to content


  map
directory











extension fond du lac county
university of wisconsin-madison



menu


programs

4-h & youth

about 4-h
join 4-h
enrollment
4-h resources
leaders
4-h fridays
projects
events & activities
county associations
support 4-h
thank a 4-h volunteer
4-h newsletters


agriculture

pesticide applicator training
youth tractor safety


community youth development
horticulture

fond du lac county community gardens
master gardener volunteers
junior master garden program (jmg)


foodwise and health and well-being

fond du lac county foodwise
fond du lac county food resources
resources for food pantry operators
stay well, age well senior newsletters


human development and relationships

parenting and family relationships
financial capability education
association for home & community education


community development

energy & air quality
entrepreneurship
inclusion
winnebago waterways
local government
organizational development
radon
waste & recycling
water quality
forestry resources




calendar of events
community impact

monthly community impact
annual community impact
biannual educator report


 
 


search





search for:











search for:



 











please note: the fond du lac county extension office has changed their phone numbers. the main office number is now (920) 906-4620. see our directory page for a list of all updated contact information. 

what can we help you with?

contact our office
find a program
join our mailing list



our programs





4-h youth development 
gives young people hands-on experiences to develop an understanding of themselves and the world.

learn more




agriculture
if it happens on a farm or in a field, the extension institute of agriculture works with you to achieve better results.

learn more




community development
offers educational programming to assist leaders, communities, and organizations realize their fullest potential.

learn more




foodwise and health and well-being
offers educational programming to assist leaders, communities, and organizations realize their fullest potential.

learn more




human development and relationships
provides tools wisconsinites need to thrive as well-rounded, capable individuals and families.

learn more






latest news
the stephenson scholarship fund of fond du lacthe purpose of the stephenson scholarship fund of fond du lac, wisconsin is to assist students of fond du lac county, wisconsin, in attaining or completing an education at any one of the university of wisconsin campuses. all residents of fond du lac county are eligible to apply. scholarships will be awarded to students who […]
continue readingproviding life skills to individuals with disabilities.the arc of fond du lac provides support and resources for individuals with varying physical and cognitive disabilities. they serve all populations, including youth, adults, and caregivers. they have multiple housing units where residents live. they also have a main center with drop-in (respite care) and day and evening program classes. the center is a […]
continue readingwinter leadership camp – leading in all directionsseven fond du lac county youth leaders were part of 40 youth from 8 different counties attending winter leadership camp. over the course of the weekend extension educators facilitated leadership summit- hike your leadership trail from nebraska extension. friday night youth arrived at camp spencer lake in waupaca. after checking in, youth had the opportunity […]
continue readingpartner spotlight:                                                                          roberts school boys and girls clubempowering futures: a flourishing partnership with 4-h and roberts boys and girls club of fond du lac the boys and girls club roberts location partnership with 4-h was established in january 2024.  tracy keifenheim, 4-h program educator, worked with anna koepsell, roberts extension director, to establish some afterschool club offerings on various topics of interest […]
continue reading
see more 



join our mailing list

stay up to date on the latest extension news, resources, and impacts by signing up for our monthly e-newsletter.




our office 
uw-madison division of extensionfond du lac countyroom 227 administration/extension bldg.400 university drivefond du lac, wi 54935-2998
phone: (920) 906-4620fax: 920-906-4638711 for relay
hours: m-f 8am – 4:30pm
the office is closed all major holidays and the day after thanksgiving.


where we are located

open in a new window



connect with us

e-newsletter
staff directory


facebook




 















 

division of extension
 connecting people with the university of wisconsin











 

agriculture
community development
health & well-being
families & finances
natural resources
positive youth development

















university of wisconsin-madison
      |              explore extension: 
agriculture    
community development     
families & finances     
health     
natural resources     
youth     
 

connect with us
support extension

 
 





extension home




we teach, learn, lead and serve, connecting people with the university of wisconsin, and engaging with them in transforming lives and communities.
explore extension »





county offices



connect with your county extension office »








staff directory



find an extension employee in our staff directory »







social media




get the latest news and updates on extension's work around the state
 facebook
 twitter






facebook






twitter





search all sites










feedback, questions or accessibility issues: info@extension.wisc.edu | © 2025 the board of regents of the university of wisconsin system  privacy policy | non-discrimination policy & how to file a complaint | disability accommodation requests


		an eeo/aa employer, university of wisconsin-madison division of extension provides equal opportunities in employment and programming, including title vi, title ix, the americans with disabilities act (ada) and section 504 of the rehabilitation act requirements.
    












