






catholic girls|catholic women|catholic men|catholic dating|catholic dates











 

already registered?
 











  

 





 








catholic dating site 
join  the top catholic dating site today for a low monthly fee, customised to you ...









"if
              you want to meet and date genuine catholic
              girls and women, or be dated by genuine catholic
              men, you have come to the right place"



join the catholic unattached directory and banish  loneliness for ever.  hundreds of others have.  no one deserves to be  lonely.  some of the very first words of sacred scripture are: and the  lord god said: “it is not good for man to be alone …” 
if you want to meet and date genuine catholic girls and women, or be  dated by genuine catholic men, you have come to the right place. whether  you are seeking to marry, looking for romance and that someone special, or  merely want to enlarge your circle of catholic friends, the catholic unattached  directory is safe, and guarantees to catapult your chances of success to new  heights. 
once you have uploaded your own profile (and, optionally, a photograph), you can contact other members by merely clicking a button adjacent to their profile; this will take you to that member's secure message vault, where you can leave a communication.  similarly, other members contact you by leaving a message in your secure inbox. 
you will have to make a small monthly contribution to the cost of the site.  we guarantee that you will be pleasantly surprised just how inexpensive this is.
free bonus: after you have joined, you can claim a free  e-book on love and marriage.  this little gem was written by the late dietrich von hildebrand, a catholic philosopher described by pope pius xii as a 20th-century doctor of the church.  this book is a classic that has the power to change the world for the better, so why not download more than one copy and circulate them among your friends.
note: whilst the majority of our members are marriage minded, not everyone who joins the directory is seeking marriage; some are looking for companionship or merely to increase their circle of catholic friends.

 






catholic dating site 
join  the top catholic dating site today for a low monthly fee, customised to you ...







  "have you ever dreamt what it would feel like to wake up every morning feeling amazingly happy"
already a member?

  
 marriage is a dance                    

 
 

 





have you ever dreamt what it would feel like to wake up in the morning feeling amazingly happy because you have that special person in your life?  just imagine the enjoyment of planning a dream holiday together.  for some, it's the little things that are important: a meal together in a favorite restaurant, sharing a cozy night in or a pleasant walk in the countryside.  yet others are happy just to find new friends.  it all starts with a date.
the catholic unattached directory is an excellent, modern, fun, safe way to find new friends, romance and marriage.  and whether you are seeking to marry, looking for that someone special and romance, or merely want to increase your circle of friends, the catholic unattached directory guarantees to catapult your chances of success to new heights.
we have thousands of unattached fellow catholics, all looking to make new friends or seeking that someone special and romance.  sadly, many people these days are unattached: some due to lack of time and pressure of commitments, some because of widowhood, others simply have not found the right person - increasingly difficult in today’s moral climate, especially for the young. you are to be congratulated for being among the growing numbers who have decided to take action and do something positive about it.
 "proven track record"

the catholic unattached directory has a  proven track record and has been wonderfully successful as you can see for yourself by reading the many “what our members say” panels that you will find on our site. we have many hundreds of similar letters and emails on file, but it is impossible to publish more than a handful.
the catholic unattached directory was launched in may 1995. since then we are proud to have served over 10,000 catholics from all walks of life and aged from 18 to over 80.  we are aware of having been responsible for over 500 marriages (there will certainly be more because not everyone feels obliged to inform us when they pair off); and on top of this, we have also been responsible for countless friendships.
at least two priests have officiated at more than one wedding in their parish of couples who have met through the directory.  and one well-known uk priest had the pleasure of presiding at the wedding of his own sister who met her husband through the directory - charmingly, the staff of the catholic unattached directory was invited to the wedding.

 "your address and telephone number always remain totally confidential"

the catholic unattached directory protects you from blind dates, awkward phone calls, and from having to attend any daunting social occasions.  your address and telephone number always remain totally confidential, so no one can contact you direct unless and until you want them to.  you remain in complete control at all times and take things at your own pace. there is no pressure: you meet who you choose, when you choose, how you choose.
​to protect your confidentiality even further, we have the facility for you to have a pseudo-name in the directory; although this is only truly necessary if you have a rare ethnic name that might identify you.  nonetheless, if you feel more comfortable not publishing your real name (so long as we have your real name on file) this service is available to you.
members normally contact you via a private inbox on the site. think of it as like having a locked box stored in a bank vault where all your private correspondence is kept safe and to which only you hold the key.  members may also write to one another by old fashion mail should they want to, but, because addresses are never published, all such letters must come to us first, to be forwarded unopened to the intended recipient.

 "the catholic unattached directory is enormous fun"

the catholic unattached directory is enormous fun.  it is an easy, relaxed and very enjoyable way of making contact with new people and finding new friends and romance.  just imagine coiling up on your favorite settee with a cup of coffee and a list of our members, every one of whom is interested in a relationship with a catholic of your age and gender.  think of it as like going to a dance and finding that everyone in the room who would like to dance with you has a sign above their head that only you can see.  how helpful would that be!
picture yourself working your way through the list and short-listing those members who from their description appear to you to be the sort of person with whom there was a potential for friendship.  surely, this has to be a lot more fun than getting dolled up and going out on a freezing cold night and sitting around in a nightclub, and wondering how many, if any, of the other clubbers are interested in you - or worse, worrying that you may be invited home by the mad axe man.












catholic dating site 
join  the top catholic dating site today for a low monthly fee, customised to you ...







 




 "the catholic unattached directory is very safe"

the catholic unattached directory is extremely safe. the reason is very simple: why would anyone with anything other than entirely honourable intentions choose to meet someone in a way that requires them to register with an agency such as ours and have their name, address, telephone number, date of birth, occupation, and probably even their bank account details, on file?

 "beware - most catholic dating agencies are not catholic!"

just a word of caution: there are at least a dozen commercial catholic dating agencies, but please be aware, most are not catholic, not even close!  the majority are simply large commercial agencies seeking to exploit a niche market.  they try to pass themselves off as catholic dating service, but upon signing up you will quickly discover that not only are they not catholic, they are not even christian.  the catholic unattached directory prides itself on being a 100% catholic dating service.  we believe that if it is not run on catholic principles it would lack integrity and we would be doing a serious disservice to our members.

 "i've never done anything like this before"

the most common reason given for hesitating about joining the catholic unattached directory is, “i’ve never done anything like this before.”  well, just consider this fact: one of the large commercial secular dating agencies has over 8 million members - yes, you read that right - 8 million!  and yet another one has over 7 million!  so clearly many many more people are using such organizations then care to publicize the fact.












catholic dating site 
join  the top catholic dating site today for a low monthly fee, customised to you ...







 




 free  bonus   (worth £12.45)

as soon as you have registered you can download your free ebook on love and marriage by clicking on the graphic on the right of the page.
a masterpiece by the late professor dietrich von hildebrand, the catholic philosopher and theologian who was acclaimed by pope pius xii as a "20th century doctor of the church."
in these pages, you will discover what can make a marriage a source of profound happiness, and you will learn how catholic sacramental marriage is the fulfillment and perfection of marriage.
this is one of those rare books that can change the world for the better, so why not download more than one copy and give them to family and friends?

 the directory is very easy to join

the directory is very easy to join.  just click on one of the join now  buttons and submit your name and address and date of birth, and answer all the simple question.  that is all there is to it: your request for membership will be studied by us and set live within a few days.  you can then without further ado begin studying all your potential contacts.
you can also upload up to four photographs free.  photos are not compulsory, but we strongly encourage you to upload photos as it increases your visibility and thus improves your response rate.
here, at last, is surely the breakthrough you have been waiting for and the start of something fresh and thrilling!
 










catholic dating site 
join  the top catholic dating site today for a low monthly fee, customised to you ...







 







 



 

 




copyright cathud 2022 - catholic girls|catholic women|catholic
	    men|catholic dating|catholic dates














