







home - hesi - health and environmental sciences institute



































































about

about hesi
hesi staff
governance
transparency
stewardship
history of success
hesi careers
faqs


programs

scientific committees & resources
hesi centers
propose a project
science foresight


events & news

hesi biannual meeting
innovate ecotox summit
upcoming events
past events
hesi newsletter: insights


publications

peer-reviewed publications
impact of hesi publications
annual reports
hesi newsletter: insights
communication material


partners

current partners
partner with us
academic outreach


grants & awards

nancy doerrer elevate award
thrive
trainee initiatives


 

search for:



 join us 










 

developing science
for a safer, more  
sustainable world.
the health and environmental sciences institute (hesi) is a non-profit institution whose mission is to collaboratively identify and help to resolve global health and environmental challenges through the engagement of scientists from academia, government, industry, ngos, and other strategic partners.

learn more 


 


events
register now 



news
read more 



publications
read more 




addressing today’s health & safety challenges



 
food safety
a safe and sustainable food supply is critical to global health. hesi advances food safety by developing and sharing the science of food and ingredient allergenicity, toxicity, and exposure assessment.






 
risk assessment
balancing the risks and benefits of consumer products and commercial chemicals requires robust and efficient methods that inform complex human and environmental health evaluations. hesi bridges novel methods with pooled data and expertise to meet these evolving challenges.






 
safe medicines
access to safe and effective therapies are fundamental for improving patient outcomes and enhancing quality of life. hesi’s programs link novel experimental research and innovative technologies to promote the efficient and safe development and delivery of effective drugs and vaccines.






 
ecological health
sustainable ecosystems depend upon the health of a broad range of interconnected biota. hesi’s programs generate foundational data and approaches to enhance our understanding of complex ecological processes and their relationship to long term sustainability.










featured highlights
hesi values the contributions and expertise of each of our 1,000+ partner scientists from around the globe. check out some of our most exciting collaborations and highlights below.





 
nc3rs wings of change crack it challenge
we are excited to announce that hesi is a partner on the nc3rs crack-it challenge “wings of change” initiative, which is focused on advancing acute and chronic avian non-animal models (nams). this collaboration aims to develop innovative and ethically responsible methods for assessing toxicity in avian species, reducing the reliance on animal testing, and enhancing the scientific rigor of avian safety assessments.
a launch webinar for the “wings of change” initiative will be held on tuesday 17 september 2024. register here.
we invite researchers, innovators, and industry leaders to join us in solving this challenge and driving positive change in the field of toxicology.
for more details, visit nc3rs crack-it challenge.






 
translational antibody-drug conjugate safety assessment: a novel hesi program proposal
be part of a new hesi program on adc safety assessment!

antibody-drug conjugates (adcs) have the potential to advance patient benefit by providing targeted delivery of therapeutics for both oncology and non-oncology indications.
advances in this space will require more robust methods to identify translationally appropriate nonclinical methods for safety assessment of adcs.
this newly launching program will leverage hesi’s expertise in academic, government and industry collaboration and study design/execution to define opportunities and guide the selection of new translational methods for the nonclinical safety evaluation of adcs.

learn more






 
nitrosamines research program
the nitrosamines research activities exist under the umbrella of the hesi genetic toxicology technical committee (gttc) mechanism-based genotoxicity risk assessment (mgra) working group as a “case study” to demonstrate the usefulness of innovative, mechanism-based testing approaches.
this subteam has three goals: (1) to develop a protocol for an optimized ames assay to predict the carcinogenicity of nitrosamines; (2) identify and verify in vitro assays with metabolically competent cells to support nitrosamines risk identification, and (3) develop a possible in vivo follow-up strategy to verify ames data within the frame of ich m7.
view the nitrosamines webpage here.






 
introducing health datawell
hesi and nsta are thrilled to introduce health datawell! these free, online instructional materials are offered as a resource to help high-school science students (grades 9-12) advance the skills and knowledge needed to become analysts and practitioners of data-driven and equity-focused public and environmental health science.
the lessons will also help students to understand the varied roles of citizens and health scientists in protecting and promoting the health and wellness of their communities. the first three lesson plans are available for free now and additional plans are in preparation for release later in 2023.
explore the free lessons






 
hesi collaborates to help identify alternatives to animal testing
the health and environmental sciences institute (hesi) is excited about the recent news on the passing of the fda modernization act 2.0 which will allow for the use of methods other than animal testing to establish a drug’s safety and effectiveness. these methods have the potential to both reduce animal use and lower the cost of developing life-saving medicines. the u.s. food and drug administration (fda) has acknowledged hesi’s role in this important endeavor and we are honored to be recognized for taking part in the 3rs (replacement, reduction and refinement) of animals in research by the fda and many other leading safety standard organizations (e.g. oecd, epa, jrc, etc.).
 







 
oecd pig-a test guideline published
on 30 june 22, the organisation for economic cooperation and development (oecd) published test #470: mammalian erythrocyte pig-a gene mutation assay, a test guideline (tg) that describes an in vivo gene mutation assay that can be combined with other genetic and general toxicology tests to promote the efficient use of animal resources. this tg is the culmination of fruitful discussions over more than a decade among hesi genetic toxicology technical committee (gttc) pig‐a workgroup members who contributed directly to the pig-a assay detailed review paper, the pig-a assay retrospective validation report, the draft oecd tg, the oecd expert working group, as wells as the recent gttc best practices review paper.






 
estar biomarker ring trial receives fda funding
the hesi estar committee is proud to announce that it was awarded a $250,000 usd grant (u01) as part of the usfda’s biomarker qualification program in june 2022. this funding will be partnered with committee resources to support a four-site ring trial generating additional data on the tgx-ddi (tgx = toxicogenomics; ddi = dna damage inducing) biomarker. the tgx-ddi biomarker is currently under review by the fda as part of the fda biomarker qualification program. pending the results of this final study, the marker is anticipated to gain fda approval for optional use as added weight of evidence in the assessment of genotoxicity. the marker has the potential to improve upon the low specificity of in vitro chromosome damage assays used in current testing and to aid drug development by providing mechanistic insights into transcriptional changes occurring in genes involved in key dna damage pathways.






 
collaboration confirms feasibility of globally accessible covid-19 testing method
the continued waves of the covid-19 pandemic have repeatedly strained public health systems’ capacity to provide efficient and actionable sars-cov-2 testing. to help address this challenge, the propagate network – a collaboration of public health and research laboratories from brazil, chile, france, malawi, nigeria, trinidad and tobago and the u.s., was convened by the nonprofit health and environmental sciences institute.  via the propagate network, the participants tested the reproducibility of a more rapid and lower resource methodology (“direct-pcr”) for detection of the sars-cov-2 virus in patients.  the results of this study, published in plos one, demonstrated that the method is highly reproducible and thus a feasible option for more efficient covid-19 screening around the world.
learn more.






 
top 25 most read papers in critical reviews in toxicology
in honor of its 50th anniversary, critical reviews in toxicology published a special editorial that lists two risk21 committee publications among the journal’s top 25 most read papers. click here to read the editorial.
“a 21st century roadmap for human health risk assessment”
(pastoor et al. 2014;44 suppl 3:1–5)
“risk assessment in the 21st century: roadmap and matrix”
(embry et al. 2014;44 suppl 3:6–16)






 
botanical safety consortium
the botanical safety consortium (bsc) was officially convened in november 2019 as the result of a memorandum of understanding (mou) between the us food and drug administration (fda), the national institute of health’s national institute of environmental health sciences (niehs), and hesi, and through a federal funding award to hesi from those agencies. the mission of the bsc is to provide a forum for global scientists from government, academia, consumer health groups, industry, and non-profit organizations to work collaboratively to generate a sound scientific basis for integrating existing safety data and the latest toxicology tools to evaluate safety in botanical dietary supplements.
learn more.






 
fda funding for cardiac research
in 2019, the hesi cardiac safety committee was awarded a u01 grant from the us food and drug administration (fda) on the “evaluation of integrated human-relevant approaches to identify drug-induced cardiovascular liabilities.” this grant supports hesi’s role in awarding and managing novel, in vitro experimental studies to develop targeted mechanistic data to inform drug safety assessment for key cardiac “failure modes.” hesi cardiac safety committee members have identified six main failure modes, or cv liabilities contributing to drug attrition.
learn more.






 
globally accessible covid-19 testing
in june 2020, hesi launched a novel collaboration with clinical and research colleagues around the world to advance more efficient and accessible sars-cov-2 testing methods. the propagate network, a voluntary global network of lab scientists in these countries, will assess the reproducibility and utility of an extraction-less pcr testing method developed by participating scientists at the university of washington and university of vermont. this method has the potential to be used as a screening test that requires fewer experimental resources, lower costs, and less time than traditional pcr analysis.
learn more.








recent publications



case study on the use of integrated approaches for testing and assessment (iata) for bioaccumulation


                                        oecd                                    

                                    	                                    publication date: november 12, 2024



an oecd iata case study on bioaccumulation was developed by the health and environmental sciences institute (hesi), canada, united kingdom, united states, business at oecd (biac) was recently released as part of the 2023 review cycle of the iata case studies project. this iata combines  ...

read more >




control performance of amphibian metamorphosis assays with xenopus laevis


                                        wheeler et al.                                    

                                    	                                    publication date: january 18, 2025



this study addresses variability challenges in the amphibian metamorphosis assay (ama), a widely used assay to detect the endocrine-disrupting effects of chemicals on the thyroid system. by analyzing data from 52 studies across seven laboratories, the paper highlights how variability in  ...

read more >




an overview of drug-induced sodium channel blockade and changes in cardiac conduction: implications for drug safety


                                        chaudhary                                    

                                    	                                    publication date: december 11, 2024



the hesi cardiac safety committee, alongside academic and industry collaborators, has published a new review article addressing the critical role of sodium channel nav1.5 in cardiac safety assessments and provides guidance for identifying and mitigating proarrhythmic risks in drug  ...

read more >




bioinformatic workflows for deriving transcriptomic points of departure: current status, data gaps, and research priorities


                                        o'brien et al.                                    

                                    	                                    publication date: november 05, 2024



this comprehensive review, from hesi's emerging systems toxicology for the assessment of risk (estar) committee, explores the use of transcriptomic points of departure (tpods) to enhance toxicological safety assessment.

read more >









partner with us
hesi partners are at the heart of our scientific programs. join us in developing science for a safer, more sustainable world.


learn more 



 




contact us
health and environmental  sciences institute (hesi)
hesi@hesiglobal.org
phone: +1-202-659-8404
fax: +1-202-659-8403
740 15th street nw, suite 600
washington, dc 20005

follow us















stay informed
sign up for our monthly e-newsletter.












aboutabout hesi
hesi staff
governance
transparency
stewardship
history of success
hesi careers
faqs
 

programscommittees & resources
propose a project
science foresight
 

events & news2022 annual meeting
upcoming events
past events
hesi news
 

publicationspeer-reviewed publications
impact of hesi publications
annual reports
 

partnerscurrent partners
partner with us
 

grants & awardshesi innovation prize-2021
thrive
 











                copyright 2025 hesi global - all rights reserved | privacy notice 






this site uses cookies to provide you with a personalized browsing experience. by clicking “accept” or continuing to use the site you agree to allow cookies to be placed and accept the terms set out in our [privacy notice]. please read the privacy notice for more information on how we handle information collected from users and how you can control the use of such information. cookie settingsacceptprivacy & cookies policy




close






privacy overview 
this website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. we also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. these cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. you also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. but opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.

 





								necessary							


necessary

always enabled




									necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. this category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. these cookies do not store any personal information.								






								non-necessary							


non-necessary





									any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. it is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.								












save & accept



















