



  

parish of saint matthew | home













































member login

giving

palisades fire pastoral fund
give now
make a pledge
stewardship
gifts of public securities
planned giving









home
our church

our story

history
architecture
annual report


staff
location
helpful resources


worship

weekly services
holiday services
prayer groups
lectionary
sermons online


music

musical instruments
music guild


community

youth and family programs
residency program
ministry opportunities
outreach partners
christmas faire


connect

become a member
email us now
partner organizations














welcome!























current services
st. matthew's is invited to worship at st. augustine by-the-sea on sundays at 8am and 10:30am (1227 4th street in santa monica)

a return to worship at st. matthew's will be announced as soon as possible.










parish news
newsletter
speaker series
capital campaign










welcome!
become a member
location
stewardship
planned giving






events & happenings









register now for the 2025 stern lecture with the rev. scott gunn, executive director of forward movement. the talks, to be held from 9am to noon at st. augustine's on march 15, will include lunch for all participants. (click for more info.) and don't miss scott as guest preacher at st. a's services on march 16 at 8am and 10:30am. click here to register now!








for comprehensive information about services for those who have been impacted by the palisades fire, please visit the diocese of los angeles' fire recovery resources page.







the compassion team at st. matthew's encourages all those in the st. matthew's community who have immediate needs (specific goods, someone with whom to talk through decisions, professional services assistance, or others) to submit the confidential form for your immediate needs. the team will try to match those needs with potential providers from the st. matthew's family.















there are many ways to get involved with outreach at st. matthew's. check out the many ways you can help our dedicated outreach partners! 
							to support one of st. matthew's current outreach projects, click to make a donation now, and be sure to note the project name in the text dedication box.
make a donation







interested in centering prayer? join this parishioner group that meets via zoom every monday from 7:30pm-9pm. contact anne for the details







fourth tuesday of the month: safe place for youth dinner delivery. to get involved by preparing meals, delivering to spy or providing funds to purchase food, please contact kathy.








calling all prayers on the last friday of the month, the intercessory prayer group says their prayers wherever they are at 8am.


















 
 








the episcopal church in pacific palisades





1031 bienveneda ave., pacific palisades, ca 90272
(310) 454-1358




find us on google maps





























