








dog boarding charlottesville | pet grooming in charlottesville | pet kennel cville











































  

















 call us: (434) 973-5171







search for:









homeabout

about our facilityabout our staffcustomer reviewsphoto galleryemployment
boardingactivitiesgroomingratesfaqsreservations

new pet reservationreturning pet reservation
contact


select page




 












the country club for your petwakefield kennel is situated in a private country setting including many fun walking trails and grass exercise areas for your dog to enjoy. read more 

outdoor nature walksour unique rural location, covering over 15 acres, gives your dog the opportunity to enjoy time outdoors while boarding with us. read more 

teddy bears welcomeyour pet's comfort is our primary concern! please feel free to bring bedding, food and toys from home to make your dog feel right at home. read more 

professional dog groomingwakefield kennel offers a full array of professional dog grooming services, anything from baths & nail clippings to full body clips.
read more 









wakefield kennel





professional dog boarding in a relaxed country atmosphere
wakefield kennel is one of the area’s most unique dog boarding facilities, combining both an indoor and outdoor boarding experience for your dog. why choose to board your dog in a completely indoor kennel when they can enjoy the fresh air of the outdoors? with over 15 acres of private country acreage that include walking trails and large grass exercises areas, your dog will be pampered with lots of personal attention at wakefield kennel. as a family-owned and managed business for over 35 years, we take pride in our facility. many years of dedication and enthusiasm have developed a reputation for wakefield as one of the community’s favorite dog boarding destinations.


who we arewhat we domake a reservation



about wakefield kennel
wakefield kennel is a unique boarding facility that provides both an indoor and an outdoor boarding experience. with many walking trails and large grass exercise yards in our vast country acreage, your dog will have an opportunity to enjoy themselves outdoors as well as retreating indoors to the comforts of their own individual temperature controlled space. at wakefield we provide a clean, fresh air facility in an inviting private country setting.
read more

services
it is our goal to provide your dog with the best boarding experience possible by maintaining a clean facility, giving quality care, and offering exceptional services. we want your dog to feel right at home when they stay with us and return to you healthy and happy.
read more

make an online reservation
for your convenience, we offer online reservation requests.
if you prefer, you are welcome to call us at 434-973-5171 to schedule.
read more





 








customer reviews

“wakefield has been our "go to" for dog care for almost 15 years.  we started in 1998 with a very senior dog and have continued with each companion that has adopted us.   our dog, george, was a wakefield kennel...-michael & robyn bristow
“my six year old german shepherd, cocoa, has been boarding at wakefield kennel since she was three months old. when my station wagon turns on to the wakefield driveway, her tail starts to wag at a quickened pace! she loves...-joyce craig
“we adopted billy, a rescue standard poodle, in 2009. he was very troubled and didn’t like men. as we travel a lot, we realized billy would need to be kenneled. we asked around and were told that wakefield kennel would...-barbara and mike oblinger
“we got our first dog, phred, from the aspca in 1996. he was a puppy then, but grew to be about 80 pounds of shepherd/lab mix. two years later we added pete, a husky/yellow lab mix, a little smaller, also...-charles r. heuer
“puccini has been boarding at wakefield kennel since the late 90's, and after literally hundreds of visits i can't say enough about the level of care he has received. puccini is now over 16 years old and i can honestly...-anthony savino
“charley, my four-legged friend, loves to stay at wakefield kennel. the staff is friendly, professional and caring. the atmosphere is very positive and welcoming to pets and their owners. i have been boarding my dogs at wakefield kennel for many...-fay h. garrison
“thank you, for your business and loving care of my dogs over many years. wakefield has provided loving care for 3 mckeel family beagles over many years. i never worry about brody when he is at wakefield, making my ability...-diantha mckeel
“our two-year-old lab loves wakefield kennel … and so do we! we have boarded cappy at the kennel since he was a puppy. whenever we take him for a stay, he can hardly wait to get out of the car....-brian and maggie donato

see more...


why choose us?

clean facility
relaxing outdoor atmosphere
personal attention
competitive rates
professional staff
convenient online reservations



hours of operation
monday – friday
8:00 am – 12:30 pm
1:30 pm – 5:30 pm
saturday
office closed
no drop off or pick up today
sunday
9:00 am – 12:00 pm
3:00 pm – 5:00 pm
(3-5 pm for pick up only)

holiday hours ⮟


easter sunday
9:00 am – 12:00 pm
memorial day
8:00 am – noon
july 4th
closed
labor day
8:00 am – noon
thanksgiving day
closed
christmas eve
8:00 am – noon
christmas day
closed
new year’s eve
8:00 am – noon
new year’s day
closed





contact us
wakefield kennel
790 wakefield farm
earlysville, va 22936
call us: (434) 973-5171
info@wakefieldkennel.com



©2025 wakefield kennel | all rights reserved
site programmed by web weaving

 














