


	chris thomson facial plastic surgeon christchurch new zealand canterbury - nz facial plastic surgery and ent surgeon - chris thomson christchurch new zealand






























christopher thomson f.r.a.c.sear, nose and throat & facial plastic surgery

search:






phone: +64 (03) 356 0274




home
ear, nose and throat
facial plastic surgery
photo gallery
cost of surgery
about chris
your consultation







ear, nose and throat procedures


adenoidectomy


tonsillectomy


endoscopic sinus surgery


ear grommets


ear cleaning




facial plastic surgery procedures


rhinoplasty (nose)




frequently asked questions


new techniques


resources


contact us


glossary


contact chris
phone: +64 (03) 356 0274
cell: 
fax: +64 (03) 356 0278
email: chris@chchorl.co.nz
for office admin, please email us here
132 peterborough street

christchurch central 8013



facial plastic surgery and nz ear nose & throat (ent) surgeon



visit christchurch nz ent surgeon and facial plastic surgery specialist, chris thomson, f.r.a.c.s., to discuss correcting facial deformities and age-related changes to your facial structure. common procedures include eyelid surgery (blepharoplasty), nasal surgery (rhinoplasty), correction of prominent ears (otoplasty), facelift and chin augmentation.

several surgical specialties perform plastic surgical procedures in the facial region, often with special emphasis on the core area of their own specialty of origin. these specialists include otolaryngologists, head and neck surgeons (my branch of surgery), plastic surgeons, ophthalmologists, dermatologists and maxillofacial surgeons. it doesn't matter too much which specialty the surgeon comes from. more importantly you must satisfy yourself that your surgeon has had appropriate experience and training in the facial plastic surgery procedures that he or she offers. ask the surgeon about their background and experience and look for evidence of qualifications.

in new zealand the fracs after the surgeon's name gives you the assurance that he or she is a fully qualified surgeon trained to a uniformly high standard. word of mouth and results of surgery in friends and colleagues is often the most helpful way of choosing your surgeon when you consider undergoing a facial plastic surgical procedure.



about chris thomson



dr chris thomson is a graduate of otago university, new zealand, a fellow of the royal australasian college of surgeons and a member of the australasian academy of facial plastic surgery. he has training in both facial plastic surgery and ear, nose and throat surgery. chris is a consultant otolaryngologist, head and neck surgeon at christchurch public hospital and a senior lecturer with the christchurch school of medicine. read more.








facial plastic surgery
facial plastic surgery is a growing area of surgery encompassing a number of surgical procedures designed to correct deformity or aging changes.





ear, nose and throat
ear, nose, and throat surgery is the the surgical treatment of diseases, injuries, or deformations of the ears, nose, throat, head, and neck.


before and after photo gallery





browse through the latest photos of our clients surgeries.











home | about chris | privacy policy | contact us | sitemap
canterbury otolaryngology services ltd © 2025
132 peterborough street, , christchurch central 8013 new zealand
website by tierra creative





this page is best viewed in an up-to-date web browser with stylesheets (css) enabled. while you will be able to view the content of this page in your current browser, you will not be able to get the full visual experience. please consider upgrading your browser software or enabling style sheets (css) if you are able to do so. the latest version of firefox, safari, google chrome or 
    internet explorer will work best if you're after a new browser.



 




