


  


ih consultants: environmental risk, air quality, asbestos, odors ny nj



































toggle navigation











home
about us
services 

industrial hygiene
asbestos services
environment of care/hospitals
indoor air quality
odor  identification & management


testimonials
contact












environmental  risk assessment and management




industrial hygiene, asbestos, mold,odors and iaq






we have over 100 years   of collective experience.



















about ihc
since its inception in 1993, ih consultants has served the commercial, residential and institutional infrastructure in the new york metropolitan area. 
read more







solutions
we offer project specific solutions that rely on photo-oxidation and germicidal properties of ultra violet light for odor management, infection control, indoor air quality and green technology. 
read more







what they're saying
"i.h. consultants, inc. brings a pragmatic hands-on approach to addressing industrial hygiene issues...
read more






some of what we do







read more +


industrial hygiene
we identify, measure and evaluate safety and health hazards in the working environment covering a wide range of chemical, physical and biological stressors.









read more +


asbestos services
we help our clients comply with asbestos regulations and meet the due diligence requirements.  (local, state and osha)









read more +


environment of care/hospitals
we provide consulting and design services for instillation of ultra violet germicidal equipment to deal with airborne infections and organisms. we offer infection control rick assessment (icra) support during construction and renovation in hospitals.









read more +


indoor air quality
we can do indoor air quality investigations for large residential and commercial buildings as well as academic institutions.









welcome to ihc






"for the past few years we have focused our energies and efforts on characterization, management and eradication of two of the most challenging environmental issues that adversely impact the work and leisure environments: odors and infectious bioaerosols (bacteria, fungi/molds & viruses)."
uday singh, president









our clients






























































































































































































contact us

					industrial hygiene consultants
					605 bloomfield avenue, suite 5
					montclair, new jersey 07042
					phone: (212) 267-6841 or
					(973) 509-3320 
					email: info@industrial-hygiene.com












 © ihc. all rights reserved. 
                    
website by nexxite






























 