





▷ euskadi destinations - discover the basque country































































 












 







destinations 

basque country
bilbao
donostia / san sebastián
vitoria-gasteiz
hondarribia-irun
zarautz


discover 

experiences
basque gastronomy
mice
nature
routes
surfing


last news
bookings
contact 

contact
about us


castellano
euskera
 









this winter, in the basque countrydiscover your next destination.this winter, in the basque countrydiscover your next destination.this winter, in the basque countrydiscover your next destination.this winter, in the basque countrydiscover your next destination.this winter, in the basque countrydiscover your next destination.





basque country tourism, discover the basque countrydiscover   




bilbaosan sebastianvitoria-gasteizhondarribia – irunzarautzthe basque country




welcome to basque country tourism

basque country tourism, the best way to discover a small country with a great identity. from the avant-gardism of its cities to the tranquility of its coastal towns, this tourist proposal allows you to enjoy the essences of euskadi. basque country tourism is the association formed by the cities of bilbao, san sebastian, vitoria-gasteiz, zarautz and the two main towns of the mouth of the bidasoa river: hondarribia and irun, forming the beautiful bay of txingudi. emblematic landmarks of a magical land that have united to welcome the traveller with open arms and invite you to discover its history, nature and culture. and all of this, accompanied by its incomparable enogastronomy.




  








discover bilbaocosmopolitan, open, welcoming, vital, elegant and modern; bilbao combines traits of a unique and characteristic cultural heritage, with a new aesthetic in which the avant -gardeand the art coexist in its streets creating a new balanced and surprising urban landscape.read more discover donostia - san sebastiándonostia / san sebastián, european capital of culture in 2016, is much more than the beautiful bay of la concha.read more discover vitoria-gasteizthe capital of euskadi, vitoria-gasteiz, has achieved the distinctions of biosphere destination certification as a sustainable tourist destination in 2016, national capital of gastronomy 2014 and european green capital 2012.read more discover hondarribia and irúnat the mouth of the bidasoa river is the bay of txingudi, with hondarribia and irun. the first of these is a beautiful fortified villa where you can visit the neighborhood of la marina, with its colorful fishermen's houses, pintxos bars and restaurants.read more discover zarautzon the coast of gipuzkoa, is zarautz. its beach, worthy of the best summer postcards for its great extension and the sculptures that shine outdoors on its promenade, attracts thousands of surfers from all over the world.read more 





latest news about tourism in the basque countryread more news 




the contemporary piece hona arrives to the capital12th february 2025maría paz jiménez. uncovering the mistery, in donostia-san sebastián5th february 2025“arkeolab” in the museo romano oiasso of irun29th january 2025creative trends 202522nd january 2025


 




     call now 


 

contact us 






 







c/pintor pablo uranga, 10b.
tel.: +34 945 218 178.
01008 vitoria-gasteiz.
 




about us   |   legal statement   |   cookie policy   |   last news   |   contact


 








 basque country tourism© 2018 basque country tourism | all rights reserved. 


















