


bear river mercantile, bowron museum, cfc crafts - the front page
































bear river mercantile, bowron museum, cfc crafts






	visit our facebook page for ongoing info & fun stuff



















				the front page
			



				our services & prices
			



				brm reservations & policies
			



				bowron lake museum & winter time
			



				preparing, the park, wells bc & other useful links
			



				cfc craft supplies
			









welcome to bowronlake.com home to bear river mercantile, cfc craft supplies & the bowron lake museum 
where past, present, nature and the arts collide in one of b.c.'s top ten paddling destinations, beautiful bowron lake provincial park. let the phillips family at bear river mercantile, specialists in bowron lake adventure and history, be a part of your journey.    
brm welcomes you to the 2025 paddling season!bear river mercantile, situated 1 km before the entrance to beautiful bowron lake provincial park. this dynamic family-run business is dedicated to making your visit as enjoyable and informative as possible. your hosts, have lived and worked in the area for over 40 years and provide a friendly, one-on-one service that is known worldwide.mercantile (adj: of or relating to merchants & trade)brm is an eclectic little camp-store with a variety of goodies from shelf stable foods, outdoor supplies, fishing gear, souvenirs & gifts. cabin fever crafts has joined the mercantile with a full assortment of art & craft supplies for the creative. be sure to stop in and take a look!​eco-friendly cabins & camping (off-grid, unplugged & unconnected!)​four solar-powered cabins, two glamper units and a grassy camping area offer a place to stay awhile. perfect for naturalists, authors or artists looking for a place to "refresh", brm is 'off grid' and 'unconnected', providing an uninterrupted natural retreat! no reservations required, just drop in when the vacancy sign is out.​canoe rentals​ ​brm has tandem canoes, three person canoes and single seat kayaks available for daily, west-side or circuit rentals. brm is cash only!operating in the backcountry, being "off-grid", brm operates in the good old-fashioned way....cash only! important notes for 2025brm will be open to the public from may 16th to aug 14th, 2025, altho special arrangements may be made for some private company bookings outside of these dates. please refer to the calendar below & make sure we are present during your dates, before inquiring for a booking. ​the bowron lake museum (a view into the olden-days)​the bowron lake museum is home to the largest private collection of bowron lake history & memorabilia. along with informative interpretive displays, photo albums and artifacts, this unique, little museum will compliment any visit, helping everyone better understand the area & the people who came before us.cabin fever creations & craft supplies (cfc craft supplies)our newest addition is cfc craft supplies, stuffed full with all things artsy, crafty & fun! if you like to create, be sure to drop in. 



the best kept secret in the cariboo! brm has leased a section of the store to cabin fever craft supplies! attention all crafters, multi-media artists, card-makers, scrap-bookers...cfc has  papers, embossing folders, stamps, ephemera, embossing powders, inks, embellishments, gells, pastes and more! and best of all.... all items are priced for crafters by crafters...so if you hate being taken to the cleaners to do something you love, this is the place for you! be sure to stop by and check out over 500 crafting items, with new goodies arriving monthly! if you can't drop in, visit cfc's online fb store at https://www.facebook.com/groups/cfccraftsuppliesimportant note: on site (at the counter) brm & cfc operate as cash only; we do not have debit, credit  or wifi  payment capabilities. ​







how to find us
bowron lake is approximately 800 kms (500 miles) north of vancouver b.c. and 120 kms (75 miles) east of quesnel b.c. after making your way to quesnel, travel east on highway 26 to the 1930's style, artistic community of wells b.c. continue through wells and head towards barkerville historic town. before reaching barkerville you will find the bowron lake turn-off. bowron lake is a further 28 kms (18 miles) at the end of the good gravel road. important: if coming from the alberta side there is no short-cut, through the bowron lk fsr between highway 16 in the robson valley & bowron lake, despite what your gps tells you! stay on the highway and come through prince george & quesnel.







when you reach bowron lake, continue past beckers & bowron lake lodges, drive along the lake until you come to the bowron (bear) river bridge. bear river mercantile is the next building on the right, after the bridge. the bowron lake provincial park registration centre and kibbee lake trailhead are 1 more km past our door. 














our services
cabins & camping canoe & kayak rentals b & b style café         supply store            museum & informationcraft & scrapbooking supplies
 
contact us
7090 bowron lake road, po box 251, wells b.c. canadav0k 2r0604-424-4330
 
web presence
www.bowronlake.com  sandy@bowronlake.com        uzatbowron@gmail.com  www.facebook.com/bowronlake www.facebook.com/cfccrafts     
 






 








copyright © 2014, bear river mercantile 










