






isct mold inspection and mold testing - isct - mold inspection and mold testing
















































indoor science consultants and technicians
unbiased mold inspections and mold testing



 





  (855) 258-8500


 toggle navigation       







home
about us
employment
locations
contact us















isct mold inspection and mold testing 
the isct mold inspection network provides on-call mold testing services 7 days a week. since 1997, we have earned a reputation for honesty, integrity, ethics and premium customer service. because of this, we have become one of the largest mold inspection companies in the nation. with a network of mold inspector employees and affiliates located throughout the united states, we have the resources, manpower, equipment, and expertise to help you with your mold testing needs and get the job done – quickly and efficiently. you want to get quick results in order to get a plan of action ready, we can steer you in the right direction. let us help you with your mold testing / mold detection needs.
we test for mold, give expert advice on getting mold remediated, but for ethical reasons do not perform mold remediation- we consider it a conflict of interest. from the time we arrive, we are surveying your home for “mold hot spots” most mold inspectors use inspection tools such as an infrared cameras and moisture meters to efficiently detect areas where mold could grow, these tools have become the scientific standard for monitoring, detecting, and controlling moisture. moisture is needed for mold growth. our business is strictly mold assessments so we do charge for our service, please view our pricing before scheduling.
from the time you call and speak with one of our customer service phone representatives, you will be impressed with our knowledge, attention and eagerness to provide you with a solution to your potential mold problem. our mold inspectors will recommend the best area to take a mold test, or multiple areas. air and surface samples are examined under a microscope by highly trained lab technicians, who then tell you exactly what types of molds they find and the concentration of each. your report from the laboratory will help you understand what those results mean to you, in fact, unlike many other mold testing companies, most of the lab’s that we send your sample to will answer your questions or explain your results after the assessment is complete.
reasons for mold testing 
there are many valid and valuable reasons to perform mold testing. here are just a few reasons:

to establish a baseline for future testing. this allows a mold professional to track and evaluate the progress of mold abatement activities. if the current levels are unknown, it is difficult to establish that progress has been made.


to establish the presence of mold and the justification for remediation. many remediators and insurance companies will not authorize or undertake mold remediation if the presence of mold growth is not scientifically demonstrated.


to set the parameters for the remediation. many remediation companies will not initiate an abatement project without the input of a testing company to define the boundaries of the affected area needing remediation.


to identify the types of mold present, i.e. “natural” or “toxic”. in many cases, residents are interested in the types of mold present and the possible relation to medical symptoms they may be experiencing. certain mold species may cause serious illness in the elderly, or in infants; people who have weak immune systems due to chemotherapy or aids. testing can assure the indoor environment is free of mold species that may cause infection in susceptible persons.


to find out the levels present. although mold is mold, and its presence calls for remediation, it is useful to know if the ambient airborne levels are in a range of thousands, or hundreds of thousands. for example, this may affect decisions regarding the timeliness of remediation, and the continued occupancy of the premises.


to find “hidden mold”. mold growth may often not be visible in a house, but known water intrusion or a moldy odor provides cause for concern. testing will identify if there is a mold problem, even when there is no visible mold growth.


to “clear” a remediation, that is, to show that all mold is gone after remediation. often, mold remediation will miss a mold-contaminated area. testing of the air in the contained work area will assure that the levels inside the work area are reduced to ambient levels. this also provides documentation for future real estate transfers that the mold was properly and effectively removed.


to “establish” the lack of mold, as in a home purchase. sometimes a homebuyer will have concerns about mold when purchasing a new home. this may be as a result of a bad experience with mold in their previous residence. mold testing can provide the peace of mind that there are no problems with elevated airborne mold in the new house.


to show that a flood has not yet created mold growth. floods in homes and offices can occur due to breaks in plumbing lines, or failure of plumbing fixtures. after the cleanup and drying, it is useful to test for mold to assure occupants that mold has not grown as a result of the flooding.


to support a legal case. a lawyer or plaintiff usually needs to have objective evidence of the presence or absence of mold and mold exposure to support a legal action. testing can show scientifically that mold was, or was not, present.

what is included in a mold inspection from isct?  
initial consultation
clients disclose why they would like a mold inspection. usually they have seen mold, smell a musty odor, feel a high humidity in the home or have become ill at home or a combination of these. lately we have received numerous calls from clients that just want to know what is in the air they are breathing.
visual inspection
looking for visual microbial activity, water stains, moisture intrusion, musty odors, from room to room. checking suspect areas with a moisture meter or thermal imaging camera to detect further moisture in wall cavities.
sampling
the visual inspection and consultation will indicate which rooms need to be air sampled along with an outdoor control sample. each mold inspection comes with an inside vs. outside air comparison to determine if elevated conditions exist or not. additional samples are recommended to pinpoint a source of a problem and see if it has moved on to other rooms. the inspector will explain how more tests can be helpful and the consumer makes a final decision on what tests are taken and sent to the lab.
lab results
the report comes directly from the lab, it includes the type of molds, the levels, the normal levels, the glossary of mold, and the probable exposure symptoms. this report is a legal document and is attached to a chain of custody from a certified mold professional.
recommendations and removal
any recommendations will be done by a certified mold professional. we will go over your report, talk with your inspector, and give you advice of how to remove the mold, this service is free to our clients. some clients will have use a mold remediation company. mold removal can be more dangerous than having dormant mold in a home. air scrubbers, negative air pressure machines, gloves and masks should be used. we can write up a protocol for a mold remediation company, for no additional charge.
discount on clearance testing
air samples of the same rooms should be done after all moldy surfaces are cleaned or removed. final air sampling will show mold levels decreased to an acceptable level in these rooms. lab results from final air sampling is the proof you need to be assured that the infesting mold has been removed properly and completely.
100% customer satisfaction on each and every job is expected out of each of our employees and affiliates. in fact, each isct employee or must obtain a filled-out customer satisfaction form upon completion of their inspection, ensuring that each customer is completely happy with the quality and service of the inspector.






 

 



 mold  topics

black mold symptoms
diy mold removal
flooding and mold
mold inspection
mold prevention
where does mold  grow 
mold remediation
what causes mold to grow
toxic black mold removal
toxic black mold
signs of mold
 mycotoxins
mold symptoms
mold testing 
mold glossary
tenant rights

 





 

 
faq
employment
contact information

 

 
privacy policy
terms & conditions
site map

 



 





 

copyright © 2016 - isct | all rights reserved.



















































