


      pass it on!
    
























[print this page]
[e-mail a friend]
[send us feedback]
[home]
[link]


            are you with us or against us?
          

secrecy and deceit are the hallmarks of our government. they hide the truth whenever they can and the rest of the time they lie about it. the "news media" let them get away with it to an astonishing degree.they cut funding from education and health care, and cut taxes for the wealthiest few. it's robin hood in reverse, robbing from poor to give to the rich. then they sign "free trade" agreements that ship our jobs overseas. our civil liberties are vanishing and we're told this makes us safer. but our safety depends on our civil liberties. so we're not any safer, only less free.the attack of september 11th appears to have been an "inside job". so the war in afghanistan was based on a lie, just like the war in iraq. just like the whole "war on terror". iraq had no wmds, no ties to al-qaeda, no part in the attacks of 9/11. these were all lies, told to "justify" an attack against a defenseless country. the attack became an occupation, and now our soldiers are being poisoned by their own depleted uranium ammunitions. and so is the entire middle east.despite official statements, we're not bringing democracy to iraq. the death squads that now terrorize iraq were created by the pentagon. this is apparently the "noble cause" for which our sons and daughters are dying.it's disgraceful, and we know it. but how do we change it? our voting systems are so insecure, we can't even trust the results of our own elections. we'd better do something, and we'd better do it soon! are you with us or against us?


tired of shouting? start whispering!!
leave copies of this message in public places.
mail or fax copies to your 'elected' representatives.
tell them we're not gonna take it anymore.
mail or fax copies to your local media.
tell them we'll do their job if they won't.
visit us at psstpsstpsst.blogspot.com.

[print this page]
[e-mail a friend]
[send us feedback]
[home]
[link]









the whispering campaign
visit. print. copy. distribute. repeat.
the whispering campaign 
gives you tools to help educate your friends and neighbors, without drawing too much attention to yourself.
our mission: find real journalism on the net and provide samples of it here, formatted for easy printing and distribution. 

your mission: visit our site, click on some links, and print the pages you like best. 
copy your printouts and distribute the copies by leaving them where others will find them.
repeat this sequence as often as possible.

places where people sit and wait are good! we like coffee shops, bus stops, fast food restaurants, waiting rooms, creativity... 

rave reviews! very kind words about the whispering campaign from chris floyd of the moscow times and empire burlesque, and steve bagley of the raw story.

help wanted: the more publicity we get, the less work you'll have to do... so use our e-mail links liberally, and please tell your favorite bloggers and progressive websites about the whispering campaign! it's an easy way for you to make a big difference!! 

thanks? no, don't thank us. we're having fun! instead, thank the big news sites who linked to us in our first few days online, what really happened and information clearing house.

to the best of our knowledge, the phrase "the whispering campaign" was first used in the context of underground publishing here. we were so taken with the term that we have adopted it ourselves, proving that imitation is indeed the sincerest of flattery!

want to know what inspires us? click here.









