











financial aid and scholarships | university of nevada, reno








































































skip to main content












news
mynevada


quicklinks


search


apply











request appointment
estimate financial aid
admissions










×



quicklinks




university tools

mynevada
webcampus
email access
interfolio
nevadabox
workday
zoom login



academic resources

academic advising
academic calendar
colleges & schools
course catalog
library
navigate



campus resources

campus map
employee directory
human resources
parking
police services
services for students
student health center



information for

current students
faculty & staff
parents
alumni




 



×


search






search www.unr.edu




search





popular searches: 
mynevada
webcampus
housing















office of financial aid and scholarships












                                    scholarships
                                



                                    apply for financial aid
                                



                                    grants
                                



                                    loans
                                



                                    work study
                                



                                    cost of attendance
                                








request appointment
estimate financial aid
admissions












 












need assistance?
get help from the office of financial aid & scholarships by visiting us in person in the fitzgerald student services building, calling (775) 784-4666, or emailing us at finaid@unr.edu.
email us


















financial aid forms







calculate aid







scholarships







book appointment







send us an email













coming spring 2025!
get a personalized financial aid video tailored just for you and your financial situation. you'll receive a clear overview of your unique financial aid package, making it easier to understand your options and plan your academic journey. to receive your video, you must be admitted to the university, complete your fafsa and submit all requested financial documents listed in mynevada.
haven't applied? start your application today.























2025-2026 fafsa: apply for financial aid 






free application for federal student aid (fafsa) the 2025-2026 fafsa is open. priority submission deadline april 1, 2025. all fafsa contributors should create an account ahead of time.



visit studentaid.gov





financial aid application for international, daca, and undocumented students the 2025-2026 institutional methodology form is open. priority submission deadline april 1, 2025.



view im form information





need assistance? contact the office of financial aid & scholarships at (775) 784-4666, by email at finaid@unr.edu, book an appointment online or stop by in-person m-f at the fitzgerald student services building.















getting started with financial aid 






submit your fafsa students must complete the free application for federal student aid (fafsa) to apply for financial aid. the university's federal school code for aid is 002568.



submit your fafsa





apply for aid to be considered for financial aid at the university of nevada, reno, you must meet specific requirements. learn how to apply, review eligibility requirements, and check deadlines.



how to apply for financial aid





what to do after receiving an award letter there are several steps to complete as you finalize your financial aid. we have organized these steps by month by which to complete them.



what to do with an award letter





financial aid forms see a list of forms available from the office of financial aid & scholarships.



financial aid forms










calculate your net price & financial aid use our net price calculator to get a personalized price estimate based on your personal finances, potential financial aid, scholarships, and more.

start a net price calculation















types of financial aid 






financial aid is a term that broadly covers the financial assistance you can use to pay for your education. the most common forms of aid include scholarships, grants, loans and work-study.






scholarships
from first-year student scholarships to external scholarships, the western undergraduate exchange scholarship to college-based funding, there are numerous options available to students.






student loans
loans are a form of financial aid that must be repaid and can come from the federal government, the university and private lending sources.






grants
grants are sources of free money that typically do not have to be repaid and can come from the federal government, the university and other sources.






federal work-study
federal work-study is a program that allows students to earn money by working part-time on-campus and in other settings.






















scholarship information students can pursue scholarships from various sources, including external organizations, the state of nevada, and the university of nevada, reno.

explore scholarship options



new freshman scholarships


external scholarships


millennium scholarship


college scholarships


national merit scholars


western undergraduate exchange


pack promise+
















get support 






in-person fitzgerald student services building, room 319






by phone (775) 784-4666






email finaid@unr.edu






virtual appointment book an appointment
















hours available for in-person assistance
no appointment necessary.





sunday, feb 16


closed










monday, feb 17


                                                            8 a.m. – 5 p.m.
                                                        









tuesday, feb 18


                                                            8 a.m. – 5 p.m.
                                                        









wednesday, feb 19


                                                            8 a.m. – 5 p.m.
                                                        









thursday, feb 20


                                                            8 a.m. – 5 p.m.
                                                        









friday, feb 21


                                                            9 a.m. – 5 p.m.
                                                        









saturday, feb 22


closed




























office of financial aid and scholarships

1664 n. virginia street, reno, nv 89557            
        fitzgerald student services building, mail stop: 0076            
finaid@unr.edu

         (775) 784-4666, phone (toll free) (877) 666-0014    





contact


careers


accessibility


diversity


civil rights


non-discrimination


privacy


campus map



 




































