








national insurance lawyers helping the injured and disabled











national insurance lawyers helping the injured and disabled since 1979
request a free case review nowcall (800) 383-7853no fees or cost unless we make a recovery for you




home
about us
testimonials
cases we handle
resolved cases
faq
blog
locations
contact us






insurance lawyers helping the injured and disabled
if you have been injured in an accident by no fault of your own, we can help you.


florida personal injury lawyers





since 1979, the personal injury division of our firm has represented more than 19,000 injured people in florida. our goal is to get you the maximum compensation possible for your pain and suffering, medical bills and lost wages.
we always offer a free consultation and we appreciate you considering our firm. there are never any fees or costs in a florida accident case unless we win.
it is critical to preserve evidence and take immediate action in any personal injury case so we encourage you to contact us a soon possible.



recently resolved cases

broward man collects $275,000.00 settlement for injuries received in crash involving medical facility transport bus a 45 year-old broward man was injured when his car was struck by a medical facility’s transport bus. the driver of the bus claimed to have gotten distracted as he was on his way to drop off his last passengers […]
rideshare automobile accident case settles for $500,000 client gets into an accident while using a rideshare our client, a 40 year old hard working florida resident from cuba, was driving for a rideshare company such as uber and lyft. as he was dropping off passengers suddenly and without […]
broward man settles his truck crash case for $275,000.00 a 45 year-old broward man filed a lawsuit against a driver of a medical transport truck as well as the driver’s employer. our client had just gotten off of work and was on his way home when he was rear-ended […]
 


recent personal injury faq

what happens if someone gets hurt while riding an electric scooter? fort lauderdale’s streets have been inundated by thousands of electric scooters that have been offered up for rent by companies like lime, bird, bolt and gotcha. in july of 2018, the city of fort lauderdale passed an ordinance approving the […]
rights of undocumented immigrants in a florida car accident question:  if a victim of a car accident is not in the country legally, but gets into an automobile accident or slip and fall in florida, can the victim still recover money for his or her injuries? answer:  this question […]
i slipped and fell at a store in florida because their floors were wet. do i have a case? the common thought is that if a person goes into a store and slips and falls and gets hurt, the store is automatically responsible for the injury. unfortunately, the laws in florida regarding slip and falls do not follow that […]







maximizing recovery for the injured & disabled
since 1979, the law firm of attorneys dell & schaefer has been selected by thousands of individuals and families to handle legal matters that had a significant impact on their lives. these legal matters have included everything from catastrophic personal injuries, denial of insurance benefits to large commercial litigation disputes.
with more than 15 attorneys and office locations nationwide, our law firm has established a fearless nationwide reputation.
our firm has helped our clients to recover more than four hundred million dollars from insurance companies and negligent corporations. we never have and never will represent insurance companies.
more than 90% of our clients are represented on a contingency fee basis, which means there is no fee or cost for our services unless we are able make a recovery for our clients.
our office headquarters is in hollywood, florida, but we have multiple office locations and represent clients throughout florida and nationwide.
we encourage you to request a free consultation by using our online form, or to call us at (800) 828-7583 for a free phone consultation with one of our attorneys.


our law firm practice divisions
due to the diversity of legal services we offer and the specialized legal skills required in each area of the law, we have structured our law firm into the following law practice divisions:

accident & injury division
the accident & injury division is managed by personal injury attorney dennis schaefer. our personal injury lawyers in this division represent individuals that have suffered a serious injury or death due to the negligence or careless actions of another.
specific types of cases that our injury attorneys handle are auto accidents, trucking accidents, motorcycle accidents, wrongful death, slip & fall injuries, defective & dangerous (recalled) products, nursing home neglect or abuse, construction site accidents, cruise ship accidents, dog bites and medical malpractice.
civil litigation & trial division
our civil litigation and trial division is a diverse group of talented trial attorneys. unlike most law firms that refer all of their lawsuits to other law firms, we have the experience, knowledge and financial resources to handle all of the litigation and trials for our clients.
when hiring a law firm it is important to make sure that they will be handling the case and not referring it to another law firm.
our litigation & trial division handles cases dealing with injuries, insurance claim denials, employment disputes, and large commercial business disputes.
our civil litigation division handles cases in both state and federal courts throughout the country.


disability benefits & insurance claim denials division
the disability benefits and insurance claim denial division of dell & schaefer, led by gregory michael dell, focuses on the representation of long term disability insurance claimants in both private policy and group disability (erisa) claims.
as long term disability attorneys, we represent individuals at all stages of a claim for disability income benefits, which includes the disability application process, denial of disability benefits, lawsuits to recover disability benefits and lump sum disability policy buyouts for individuals that are currently being paid disability income benefits.
additionally, mr. dell and his legal team have handled numerous claims against insurance companies for long-term care insurance denials, life insurance denials, commercial property damage insurance denials, and health insurance denials.
criminal defense division
the criminal defense division of our firm has been representing individuals charged with major crimes in state and federal courts throughout florida since 1979. the criminal defense division was formed by attorney dennis schaefer following the completion of his term as a broward county assistant state attorney.
our criminal defense division has protected the constitutional rights of hundreds of individuals and handles cases ranging from felonies to white collar federal charges.



recently published on our blog

warning:  use of undefined constant blog - assumed 'blog' (this will throw an error in a future version of php) in /home/snmmfof7rj7a/public_html/wp-content/themes/dnslaw/w-recent-blog-posts.php on line 5

tesla says you are less likely to get injured in a model 3. could technology be the main factor? apparently, the tesla model 3 is the safest vehicle on the road today. tesla cites the fact that their vehicles are very strong, have perfect weight distribution and increased crumple zones as main factors in this increased safety. neither tesla […]
is geico undervaluing your injury claim? geico was recently ordered to pay over $400,000.00 in a case where they originally offered less than $2,600.00 to settle. lisa anderson was injured in a car crash caused by ishmael ramjohn. mr. ramjohn’s grandparents previously purchased a $100,000.00 bodily […]
the fiu bridge collapse was tragic and could have been prevented. who is responsible for this tragedy? tragically, a pedestrian bridge designed to make life safer for thousands of fiu students was the cause of six deaths and several injuries on thursday. the immediate question is what happened? how is it possible for a bridge to just […]
59 year-old alabama army veteran shatters his hip while shopping for watermelon and jury awards him $7.5 million a 59 year-old army veteran shattered his hip in an alabama walmart as he was shopping for watermelon. the watermelon was displayed in a container which was placed on top of a wooden pallet. the man’s foot became caught in […]
tesla says you are less likely to get injured in a model 3 according to the national highway traffic safety administration (nhtsa) 37,461 people were killed in 34,436 motor vehicle crashes in the year 2016, which is the last year that data has been analyzed. in that year, there was an average of […]
























speak with a lawyer now
submit this form and one of our lawyers will respond within minutes.


your name: 
your email: 
your phone number: (10 digits)


how can we help you?	








florida locations & nationwide


aventura
boca raton
boynton beach
coral gables
coral springs
fort pierce
hialeah
hollywood
jacksonville
jupiter
kendall
key west
margate
miami


miami beach
naples
n. miami beach
orlando
pembroke pines
pinecrest
pompano
port charlotte
punta gorda
sunrise
tampa
vero
w. palm beach
weston

 






click here or call us at (800) 383-7853 to schedule an appointment at one of our office locations.
we are available to meet with you at your home, business, or the hospital.
free telephone consultations are always available.





© 2002-2025 attorneys dell & schaefer pa. all rights reserved.












