 





danceology - san diego's premier dance studio in 4s ranch










































































































skip to content



dpac experience

our storypressalumnireviewsvideoshours & locationnew to dpac?join the team
dpac campus life

facilityfacultystudents
classes

class typesschedule
events

all events
programs

competitive companypre-pointe/pointeadaptive danceaffiliate programsprivate lessonsdance team consulting for college & high school dancersdance program consulting for college & conservatory
pricingsupport

help centerdanceology appcontact usblog





			my profile
		
sign in
create account


 sign in / create account help centerstart dancing10750 thornmint road. suite 102  san diego, ca 92127 















a san diego based  performing arts studio  



studio 



of the 



2022 studio of the yearthe dance awards 





year






yes! 



world-renowned dance education for recreational and professional dancers.

danceology performing arts campus provides a nurturing, well-balanced and family-oriented environment where education and creativity co-exist while inspiring our students to pursue their own dreams through the arts. 










start dancing










june showcase























we offer dance classes year-round, for all ages & levels! 











the studio 







danceology performing arts campus is a 14,000-square-foot state-of-the-art facility with over 9,000 square feet of dancing space! offering a two-level facility, dpac has 6 dance rooms with raised marley and sprung wood flooring, viewing windows, and state-of-the-art sound systems in each studio room. 



 














learn more















  











world-class education 



create a strong dance foundation by learning the fundamentals in a fun and friendly environment without the commitment of a competitive program. dancers can learn a variety of styles from a compassionate faculty who will foster a passion for the arts. 






our story









 



























 





classes & programs 



for ages 3+ 







class types
create a strong dance foundation by learning the fundamentals in a fun and friendly environment without the commitment of a competitive program.  






learn more











scheduleour emphasis is on building a nurturing environment where team building is encouraged and interpersonal skills are practiced. 






learn more











upcoming eventsexplore and sign-up for our 2024 summer camps, clinics, workshops, & intensives. 






learn more















competitive companyelite level training and preparation for team and individual competitive experience and performances.
 






learn more











pre-pointe/pointedancers will focus on strengthening the feet, ankles and core needed to acquire the strength, technique and placement needed for pointe. dancing in pointe shoes elevates dancing to appear poised, graceful and effortless in movement. 






learn more











adaptive danceexplore our adaptive dance programs designed to inspire and empower individuals with diverse abilities to express themselves through movement. 






learn more















affiliate programsa rewarding and elevated team experience for dancers grounded in their faith and passion for dance. 






learn more











private lessonsexperience personalized instruction from our world-class instructors with private lessons at danceology performing arts campus. 






learn more











dance team consulting for college & high-school dancersa customized, comprehensive personal development plan and seamless gateway for dancers seeking their next pathway after high school in dance. 






learn more















dance program consulting for college & conservatorya customized, comprehensive personal development plan and seamless gateway for dancers seeking their next pathway after high school in dance. 






learn more





















 

















2024 events, camps, workshops, & intensives 



press coming soon. 






see events







 







 























our faculty 



our dance instructors provide high-quality and supportive dance education in a number of disciplines to help students reach their full potential. 






view staff















 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 
























ready to 





dance?






give your child the edge they need to succeed. help your child develop the skills and confidence to achieve their dreams
by registering for one of our programs today. 










start dancing










summer programs


















 














 



performing arts campus 



 


instagram
 




 




 



youtube
 



twitter
 










10750 thornmint rd 
san diego, ca 92127 



(858) 613-1155 







dpac experience 



 


our story




press




alumni




reviews




videos




hours & location




new to dpac?




join the team











company 






facility




faculty




students




classes




schedule




faqs




events




pricing




events




help center




contact us











programs 






summer  programs




competitive company




pre-pointe/pointe




adaptive dance




affiliate programs




private lessons




dance team consulting for college & high school




dance program consulting for college & conservatories


























terms of use




privacy policy




accessibility




sitemap




credits











				2025 danceology performing arts campus. all rights reserved						
















































