





the academy of microscope enhanced dentistry































































 












skip to content






renew membership / join amed
member login








 



home
2025 annual session

hygiene symposium
exhibitors
speakers
courses
hotel
schedule
brochure
registration


microscopy courses

microscope ergonomics virtual
advanced dental ergonomics with ergonomic loupes
endododontics under the microscope
full month rehab & restorative under the microscope
complex endodontic treatment and the use of high magnification dentistry
academy of microscope enhanced dentistry webinar
webinars

microphotography: why can’t i capture the pictures that i desire?




find a microscope dentist
membership

join/new membership
bylaws


certification
publications

details matter
zoom in: amed insights


contact us

board of directors
find a doctor


student programs
shop
 




 














 






the mission of the academy is to serve the dental profession and the public by being a source of scientific, evidence-based information (as evidenced by microscope magnification), and an advocate on the advantages of the operating stereo microscope and associated operative techniques in microdentistry.  






become a member
























 









 

















 









 









 









 













 
















the academy of microscope enhanced dentistry is an international association of general and restorative dentists, pediatric dentists, endodontists, periodontists, prosthodontists, oral surgeons and associated disciplines.since 2001, amed has worked to encourage, inspire, and educate the dental profession and the public by being a source of scientific, evidence-based information and advocate the advantages of the operating stereo microscope.all disciplines of dentistry benefit from the use of the microscope. amed is an arch that connects all of the specialties. for the last 23 years, world leaders covering the latest techniques from implant surgery to direct composite restorations have shared their knowledge with amed members. 










become a member























amed announces new membership benefits & credentialing programs 



new benefits for members include certified microscope user, amed fellowship (f.a.m.e.d.) and mastership (m.a.m.e.d.) awards.join amed as a member even if you don’t have a microscope and start earning points today. 






learn more about member benefits











 



 















proudly sponsored by: 












 









 




















 













find a doctor










facebook
 



youtube
 



twitter
 



linkedin
 










mailing address:academy of microscope enhanced dentistry15436 n florida avenue.suite 102, tampa, fl 33613telephone:813-444-1011email: dgoldman@amgoldman.com 







copyright © 2019-2024 academy of microscope enhanced dentistry. all rights reserved. | managed by goldman dental management 






 



©
					copyright © academy of microscope enhanced dentistry. all rights reserved. | managed by goldman dental management				 | 
		built with xblog plus free wordpress theme by wpthemespace.com 


 











































