


clay pigeon traps retriever sporting clays lincoln traps promatic mattarelli
























 







































 


 
traps
                  for hire
download our brochure 
retriever sporting clays, inc. featuring lincoln traps provides the best mobile demonstration units offered in the united states! our nsca certified shooting instructors will come and set-up at your corporate outing, fund raiser, private parties, or add additional clay target machines to an existing gun club.

retriever sporting clays’s fully mobile, battery-operated and automatic lincoln traps can provide a full range of clay target games including: sporting clays, 5-stand, annie oakley, flurries, flushes, crazie quail, skeet, trap, and our new "wobble trap".
we also offer top gun shooting clinics and private lessons taught by nsca certified instructors. this is a great opportunity to teach not only the season sporting clays shot, but also a great avenue to teach your children gun safety and etiquette.
chris ryan is based out of fort worth, texas. he has been serving the clay target industry. since 1986. retriever sporting clays was the first to offer a mobile sporting clays unit in the united states. chris was also instrumental in setting up some of the first sporting clubs in the country. since 1986, we have seen the tremendous growth of a great shooting sport, including the founding of the national sporting clays association in 1989. our goal is to provide a fun, safe, and highly recreational shooting experience for people of all ages.
call for availability, pricing and booking your event, but plan early, dates are limited.


corporate outings
charitable fundraisers


family and class reunions
birthday and bachelor parties


nsca tournaments
fraternity parties


dove hunts
daily traps rental


sales, service, lease, finance
                          options available


call now for
                        rates and availability
shoot with the best!




                  top
copyright © 2002-2008 retriever sporting clays, inc.
order@retrieversportingclays.com








 



