

classic tv info




   
 
 

  
	  
	  
  


  "they 
call television a medium because nothing on it is ever well done." - 
fred allen 














the ebook perry mason 
					fans have been waiting for.








  
 
 
jim 
davidson is the founder and past president of the national association 
for the advancement of perry mason and former publisher/editor of the periodicals 
naapm newsletter and classic tv. his articles, interviews, and reviews 
have appeared in films in review, filmfax, tower records' pulse! 
magazine, and the tv collector. he has contributed research to the books 
the complete directory to prime time network tv shows (fifth edition) by 
tim brooks and earle marsh (ballantine books), primetime proverbs by jack 
mingo and john javna (harmony books), donna reed: a bio-bibliography by 
brenda scott royce (greenwood press), and was a member of the expert panel that 
ranked shows for the best of crime & detective tv by max allan collins 
and john javna (harmony books). he has appeared on tv in the case of the courtroom 
legends, a showtime special about perry mason author erle stanley gardner 
and star raymond burr, and was co-producer of the perry 
mason 50th anniversary edition (paid link) dvd set from cbs-paramount. he's the 
author of the ebook perry mason: a comprehensive guide 
to america's favorite defender of justice (paid link).
  a special thanks 
to michael struthers for his advice and 
support of this website.

	as an amazon associate, i earn from qualifying purchases.
	 
search 
this site!  
 
    
   
  

  
showsall 
star revuethe 
colgate comedy hour the 
donald o'connor show the ed wynn showfour 
star revue the honeymooners the 
jimmy durante showthe 
martha raye show the nat king cole show
perry mason
frank sinatra on tv
sherlock holmes theatre
 stump 
the stars this is your life the 
twilight zone (1988-89)
 essaystv 
transmission methods for dummies  
top 
tv history links
stu's show
martin grams jr.

	wesley hyatttv 
	confidentialeyes of a 
	generationthe paley center 
	for mediamuseum 
of broadcast communicationsclassic 
tv archive  

other 
stuff nat 
king cole discography
jd's comics history hub

  

  support 
this site!as 
you can imagine, a website like this involves a not insignificant commitment of 
time and money. help me make it worthwhile by making a small donation. it will 
be much appreciated.

  
  
 


    
 
	  
 


