






 
child check-mate system – stop and check
















































































 

 























































skip to content






child check-mate system
stop and check

home productsaegis antimicrobial spray ep1plus ep2plus ep2plus theft-mate ep2plus voice cm series integrations  about support contact cart 
facebook page opens in new windowtwitter page opens in new windowyoutube page opens in new windowlinkedin page opens in new window



 
home productsaegis antimicrobial spray ep1plus ep2plus ep2plus theft-mate ep2plus voice cm series integrations  about support contact cart 












child check-mate systems
child passenger safety alarm systems

affordable, real-world solutions for all child passenger environments







designed by drivers, for drivers
the “child check-mate system” is a patented unique alarm system which acts as an electronic reminder to drivers.
this reminder helps ensure that all children have safely disembarked the vehicle upon completion of each run.
our system was designed “by drivers for drivers” and it was the collaborative efforts of these drivers, a concerned operator and a talented bus mechanic which made the idea a reality.












some of our system features include





gps integrationconnect to any existing third-party gps/camera systems to receive real time actionable alerts on child check-mate events.


motion detectionfeel assured knowing that the system constantly scans the vehicle checking for any internal movement after hours.


voice instructionwe implemented an external speaker that provides audible instructions and alerts to drivers and technicians.


flexibilityour systems are completely customizable and can be programmed to fit your regional or operational requirements as well as your driver’s routines.


multi-languagewith the implementation of our external speaker, drivers can receive audible instructions in up to 4 different languages.


5-year warrantywe offer the best systems in the industry with assurance that all products will be replaced within 5 years (north american ltd.) if  needed.


our current line of child check-mate alarm products








ep1 plusour industry leading ep1plus system is easy to use and is our most cost-effective solution to help ensure drivers perform their post-trip inspection.





ep2 plusthe ep2plus offers an advanced solution that can leverage an external speaker, motion sensor and third-party gps integration for added confidence in safety and security.





cm1available through your oem, the cm1 boasts multiple programs to allow for vehicles to be transferred from state-to-state without worrying about compatibility.





cm3available through your oem, the cm3 boasts all of the features from the cm1, as well as the ability to accommodate audible instruction, a motion sensor, and gps integration.learn morelearn morelearn morelearn more





ep1 plusour industry leading ep1plus system is easy to use and is our most cost-effective solution to help ensure drivers perform their post-trip inspection.learn more





ep2 plusthe ep2plus offers an advanced solution that can leverage an external speaker, motion sensor and third-party gps integration for added confidence in safety and security.learn more





cm1available through your oem, the cm1 boasts multiple programs to allow for vehicles to be transferred from state-to-state without worrying about compatibility.learn more





cm3available through your oem, the cm3 boasts all of the features from the cm1, as well as the ability to accommodate audible instruction, a motion sensor, and gps integration.learn more


system benefits





customizable our systems can be programmed to function within your state/county or operational requirements.    


industry standard installed on over 350,000 vehicles across the globe, the child check-mate system is the industry-leading child reminder system.    


ease of installation our patented design allows for our system to use existing vehicle wiring, reducing the need to run wires.    


our systems are compatible with








school buses





minivans & suvs





passenger vehicles


from minivans and suvs to full sized yellow school buses, our systems are compatible with all types of vehicles.





we’ve got thousands of happy clients




“what a great product and so easy to install. we have been using the child check-mate system for over 12 years now and we have been very happy with its performance and durability.”









ed nantel
leeds transit inc.





want to learn more? get in touch!


call 1-877-494-8222contact us










canadian patent number: 2238249
canadian trademark number: tma491584
canadian trademark number: tma562124
usa patent number: 5874891
usa trademark number: 2402344terms and conditions 








					copyright © 2019 child check-mate system.  all prices are in usd terms and conditions









go to top


































































