


































cherry blossom kiss






































































































?

?









































































































































                                    





























































































































































livejournal






find more


communities


rss reader




shop









                                help
                            







                                    search
                                









                                    log in



























log in




                                        join free
                                    

                                        join
                                    







                                          english
                                        
                                        (en)
                                

english (en)

русский (ru)

українська (uk)

français (fr)

português (pt)

español (es)

deutsch (de)

italiano (it)

беларуская (be)













































taihaku
—














< no suspend reason >









readability




















                    more
                














taihaku







                                archive
                            



                                photos
                            



                                video
                            





readability






























log in


no account?
create an account








































remember me



                                forgot password
                            




                        log in
                        














log in









qr code

























































no account?

                    create an account
                
by logging in to livejournal using a third-party service you accept livejournal's user agreement










livejournal for cherry blossom kiss.

view:user info.
view:friends.
view:calendar.

view:memories.
you're looking at the latest 12 entries. 









tuesday, january 20th, 2004









subject:i'm out of kinoko no yama!!! wahhh!!!
time:1:37 pm.
mood: cold.





oh well. time for a trip to hastings ^_^ well...after i get my next paycheck. *glances inside wallet and cries*new painting! wee. this was done for jess.a walk through a mountain woodmaterials: watercolor, marker, ziggies.i'm working on the next happy fruitcake comic tonight. also, another painting. although i still haven't finished the other xmas presents yet ^_^'' maybe i should work on those? *sweatdrop*






comments: read 6 oradd your own.










friday, november 28th, 2003









subject:she has artwork again! =)
time:10:19 am.
mood: happy.





the hollowyup.inspired by an apc song of the same name.






comments: read 8 oradd your own.










wednesday, november 12th, 2003









subject:colored up too much, she's turning blue...
time:9:31 pm.
mood: accomplished.





yay! new painting!mooni guess it means my skills aren't entirely dead after all ^_^''click here to see detail on the head area.click here to see the original sketch/design.






comments: read 33 oradd your own.










friday, september 5th, 2003









subject:yay! back into the flow...
time:11:27 am.
mood: accomplished.





here's some new pictures, and sketches of the days!!!shogetsu (named after the shogetsu breed of cherry trees, where i got inspiration for her skirt ^_^)i guess i'm trying to make up for not updating in so long ^_^''little star, redesigned (this is an older character of mine, redesigned)the garu (a garu is a type of fae most commonly found near skate parks xd!)






comments: read 18 oradd your own.










thursday, august 7th, 2003









subject:califorrni. no time to paerty.
time:1:40 pm.
mood: sick.





years upon years of artistic training......for this.dailogue:"earth first!""make mars our bitch!".....yep.sketch of the day!aurora and sirisi know. he has no left wing. see that line? that's where it will be. =)i have a head cold. and today was supposed to be one of my "big days" to work on my manga.. but i have to keep moving the paper aside so that i can sneeze *_*  and i'm all....blah. if i move too fast, i get dizzy. damnit.i will work on it, though. oh yes, i will. and i will finish it. if it take me to the very day of the deadline and i have to be late to work just to get it mailed off. i will finish it.






comments: read 2 oradd your own.










wednesday, july 30th, 2003









subject:after years of quiet....finally! a sketch of the day!
time:12:24 pm.
mood: accomplished.





i haven't done one of these in so long...xd! anyway, here is your sketch of the day =doresceals, the epitaphnamed after "my epitaph," one of the songs we sang at all-state (madrigals kick major ass. xd!)the sailormoon.com server is being slow today x_x  so it may take a moment to load. this problem will be taken care of when i get my own server again xd!website/art gallery updatei now have money set aside to buy my website. =d  so all i have to do is print out the order, go buy some stamps, and mail it off =d  which i plan on doing sometime this week. xd! (on the same day i go to take care of my traffic ticket...*_*)funny story!i went over to my dad's house to use his scanner to scan this in, and i was trying to unlock the door when these kids that live across the street came up. "is this y'all's dog?" "uh...no. i don't live here." *whisper, whisper* "just let it go over here and they can keep it."   me: o.o   so they let the dog go in our yard, then ran across the street. i looked at the dog; it looked back, then walked away. i finally unlocked the door, and looked back to see the dog wandering back across the street to the kids. o.o;  oh boy. why do i feel a war coming on?this should go in my other journal...but i don't want to put just one paragraph. so here will be fine. =)a lot of "finally" type things have happened within the past 24 hours =d  dustin finally moved into the apartment. i finally met josh. (josh, don't tell yourself, but you are cute. o^_^o) finally did a sketch that had nothing to do with "cast:1:" (the manga). finally got to see the music video for evanescence - bring me to life (everyone's told me about it...personally, i thought it was kind of weird, and i didn't like the wind noises they put overlaying the song). also saw the video to coldplay - the scientist (which fit really well with the song...it's one of my favorites off the album, too. ^_^)  finally got around to trying to get a new ringtone for my phone (after searching through nokia's collection of horrible electronic renditions, i finally settled on red hot chili peppers - zephyr, because i like the song and the rendition wasn't that bad), but you have to text message them with the code of the song you want, and i can't send text messages x{ !!!  (i can receive, but no send.) so i decided just to freaking keep the alamuhan ringtone. -.-  blah.i just found this...xd!this is from someone's elfwood gallery (i can't remember who, so don't ask). anyway, i thought it was funny, so i saved it in notepad, and i just now found it, and thought i would share it with you. xd!ok...what is about to load is around 15 hours in photoshop! in that time i managed to create several gods and one supreme god all in my head.... the gods? phosho- the overgod of photoshop.... when photoshop freezes, or stops responding... you pray to phosho to have mercy on your un-saved artwork. phosho is god of all things photoshop related. then there is illuter- god of illustrator. same theory behind phosho. there are some lesser-gods. these include painsh- god of all adobe paintbrushes and selt- god of one of the tools i use most- the selection tool. then there is waphire- over god of the wacom graphire 2 graphics tablet. a prayer to this god is essential for a good graphire experience... however- there is one over-god of them all (apart from waphire) .... adobe- the god who is and rules adobe... *bows before adobe* ... when the computer crashes runing photoshop... it means adobe is unpleased with you. you must then sacrifice a pencil- a pencil being the symbol of all that is un-digital... now all--- bow before phosho.






comments: read 8 oradd your own.










tuesday, july 22nd, 2003









subject:page six, again
time:12:18 pm.
mood: anxious.





fixed. =)i think i'll clutter up her floor with cat toys. xd!






comments: read 2 oradd your own.










friday, july 18th, 2003









subject:uploaded outlines...=d
time:8:33 am.
mood: awake.





well, darsant suggested i upload the outline sketches =d  so thus, it is done. =)one thing, the lines through faces or bodies are just placement lines--they help me figure out where to put everything, and will be erased before the final copy.this is from page 6. he just woke up (after she cast a spell that made him human), and she's returning from wherever it is that she went (this isn't important, so i never even thought about where it was that she was actually going). yes, she lives in a tree xd! the sound effects say *drip drip* and *chirp chirp* (i resized it to the point you can't really read it... *_*).one thing that bothers me about the way i laid this out is the fact that he's standing to the right of the rope ladder entrance, which is fine (it works in the layout of the house), but it kind of messes up the perspective shot, and confuses the eye. anybody have any "quick fix" suggestions?the next picture may or may not show up, based on how sailormoon.com is feeling....*_*this is the strawberry fairy scene, my absolute favorite xd! i kinda scanned it in at an angle, but didn't really care, being as it is just a sketch. yes, that's opish they're speaking xd! (just place "op" after every consonant). (creation of jon. :) her face looks kind of odd in the first frame. i think this is because i placed her eyes too far apart, or placed her nose weird, or something. anyway, it's just the sketch, it's fixable =dthis is from page 10, when they're walking through the market place. right now, aeniai (the unicorn guy) is kind of looking around at all the different people there, and his observations are kind of funny. the "birds" (get it? "birds"? xd!) are gossiping, of course, and "honest john" is probably anything but xd! (forgive the line through his face; it's a placement line, but i drew it really dark for some reason *_*) forgive the lack of backgrounds, too. i haven't gotten around to adding them yet *_*i like this scene in particular, because it gives me a chance to flex my artistic muscles (and show that i'm capable of drawing more than just sexy girls and cartoon fruits xd!)anyway =d i'll post more later. =)






comments: add your own.










wednesday, july 16th, 2003









subject:update on manga
time:4:09 pm.
mood: drained.





i just wanted to let everyone know the reason why i haven't been updating. instead of doing the manga page-at-a-time, as planned, i've started working on multiple pages at once, so it will be a while before i post anything new. as of right now, i have the layouts done up to page 10. anyway, i'm working really hard on it, and i'm not gonna give up!!! =danyway. 'tis all =d






comments: read 8 oradd your own.










sunday, july 6th, 2003









subject:after forever....page #2 =d
time:7:51 pm.
mood: artistic.





sorry, my internet has been down for the past couple of days. (thus the lack of update in either journal.) i'm using my dad's compy, as i may have to do until they fix the phones.so, anyway =d  page #2.not really much to say, other than yay! page number 2.i'm getting tired of using the charcoals. it's too hard to get detailed because they're in stick form. so i'm looking for multi-shade charcoal pencils, and until i can get them, i'll have to make do with the sticks.originally, the pictures of him rolling through the air weren't going to be seperated by panels, to give more of a "roll" effect. but for some reason, i seperated it out into panels, and i can't remember why, but it was some sort of technical reason. (i finished the pencil of this about a week ago, which is why i can't remember now.)on to go post this on selphie's forums.*edit*oh yeah! i forgot to explain the text in the bottom right corner ^^''  it says "*oda peruku* mi perro, mi perro, the horror, the horror*sigh* that my love were in my arms, and i in my bed again * qual es la fecha? el mono se duerme, ronca*ronca* si?"which translates into "my dog, my dog, the horror, the horror, sigh that my love were in my arms, and i in my bed again, what is the date? the monkey is sleeping, snore snore, yes?" xd! don't ask.






comments: read 2 oradd your own.










wednesday, july 2nd, 2003









subject:yay! first art post! =d
time:10:30 pm.
mood: tired.





as of now, there will no longer be any art posted in my other journal. just trying to let it hit home what this is about. =)okay! =d  so anyway, on to the first post =d  this is actually something that i've had finished for a little while now, but i only posted half of it in the other journal. =)  here's both halves of the first page of the comic i'm working on for the tokyopop entry:materials:.05 mechanical pencil, ziggy black ink sizes 005 and 01, charcoal (multi shades of grey)what i was going for:a sense of flow, especially in the lower half, where he's falling. i also wanted to show her concentrating on her singing. and i will admit, i got carried away while drawing the letters of his language, and it turned into a me-trying-to-show-off kinda thing ^_^''






comments: read 7 oradd your own.










monday, june 30th, 2003









subject:first post! weeeeeeeeeeeee!!!! gonads and strife!! xd!
time:4:15 pm.
mood: accomplished.





okay, if you just woke up and suddenly found that this journal has you friended, it may be because this is the same user as michiru_umi =d  hello hello =d  this is my new art journal. this is so that people who want to just see art updates can friend this journal, and people that want to hear me rant, ramble, and whine can friend my other journal =d  or, if you would prefer, you can friend both =danyway. first matter of business. since this is the first post, and i just want people to know what i'm doing, i'm not going to post any artwork just yet. i'm gonna let this sit here for a couple of days, until i feel that enough people know =dsecond matter of business. this is a public journal. if you don't even know me, and would like to friend this journal just to see the artwork, that is cool too =d in this case, i'm considering making my other journal into a private journal, so that everything i say in there can just be between myself and my friends.third blah blah blah. xd! so that i can keep the bandwith on my hosting accounts (hosted at www.sailormoon.com) relatively low, all pictures will be deleted five days after they have been posted. so this isn't really an art gallery that i'm setting up here, more like an "art update," or perhaps a newsletter.anyway...i think that's it =d  if you have any questions, feel free to ask =d






comments: read 7 oradd your own.















livejournal for cherry blossom kiss.

view:user info.
view:friends.
view:calendar.

view:memories.
you're looking at the latest 12 entries. 



































