







the society for clinical and medical hair removal – the society for clinical and medical hair removal






















































































































 


















facebooktwitterloginbecome a membergive us a call 1.608.443.2470 


0shopping carthome
about

board of directors
standards
code of ethics
scmhr bylaws


membership

benefits
join
renew your membership


certification

certified clinical electrologist (cce)
certified medical electrologist (cme)
certified laser hair removal professional (clhrp)
certified laser hair removal professional (clhrp)–ohio


education

what are ceus?
offer a ceu event
live events

scmhr live webinars
other ceu events


past webinars (home study)
offline courses (home study)
the texas bundle


laser hair removal course
find a clinician
store
contact us





menu


menu

 






become a member of scmhr!our members receive discounts on training, conferences, webinars and other continued education materials. we also provide our members with a number of free professional resources, both online and for the office, to help you to provide your clients with the highest quality, most up-to-date services and care in the industry!  sign up with us today
come sign with us today!membership benefitslet’s get certified!the international commission for hair removal certification (ichrc) has the distinction of presenting valid competency-based certification examinations. read more
apply herepreviousnext12








certifications
certified medical electrologist (cme)
certified clinical electrologist (cce)
certified laser hair removal professional (clhrp)
certified pulsed light hair removal professional (cplhrp)


read more

live webinars
check our current schedule of
events, webinars & conferences

tickets sold online


full calendar

shop online
purchase scmhr accessories, online & offline courses, scmhr publications and hair removal brochures


shop now
looking for information about scmhr but not a member?submit a request for information using the form below!email address where we should send you the information * information on membershipinformation on certificationinformation on continuing education opportunitiesthis site is protected by recaptcha and the google privacy policy and terms of service apply.this contact form is deactivated because you refused to accept google recaptcha service which is necessary to validate any messages sent by the form.




find a clinician 
find a clinician in your area

select a statealabamaalaskaarizonaarkansascaliforniacoloradoconnecticutdelawaredistrict of columbiafloridageorgiahawaiiidahoillinoisindianaiowakansaskentuckylouisianamainemarylandmassachusettsmichiganminnesotamississippimissourimontananebraskanevadanew hampshirenew jerseynew mexiconew yorknorth carolinanorth dakotaohiooklahomaoregonpennsylvaniarhode islandsouth carolinasouth dakotatennesseetexasutahvermontvirginiawashingtonwest virginiawisconsinwyomingamerican samoaguamnorthern mariana islandspuerto ricounited states minor outlying islandsvirgin islands




about scmhrthe society for clinical & medical hair removal (scmhr) is an international non-profit organization with members in the united states, canada, japan and beyond.
read more

benefits of membershipmembers of scmhr help to shape the professional image of the hair removal industry, and receive a number of discounts and perks for professional enhancement.
read more

certificationscmhr offers a number of certifications for hair removal professionals as a way to demonstrate knowledge and adherence to the highest standards of the industry.
read more

featured productswe offer professional resources, including training guides, online manuals, webinars, and client consultation videos. many of these are discounted or free for members.
shop now


   

general disclaimer the society for clinical & medical hair removal inc. has created and maintains this web site as a benefit and educational source. while some of the information on this site is about medical issues, it is not medical advice and should not be construed as such.
any questions?
give us a call 1.608.443.2470 or  contact us here

opening hours mo-fr: 8:00-22:00
sa: 8:00-24:00
so: 8:00-14:00

quick links


 contact us


 store 


 become a member


 get certified


 laser hair removal course


 scmhr privacy policy







scroll to top

 

 






















































