









fire safe council of san diego county
















































(619) 562-0096
info@rcdsandiego.org


today’s fire weather
current active fires
events
donate
 












about us

who we are
board members
funding sources
staff


programs

home assessment program
community chipping program
defensible space assistance program
workshops
post disaster recovery


fire safe councils

about local fscs
starting a local fsc
support for fscs
community wildfire protection plans
san diego fire safe councils


resources

preparing for wildfire
tree & forest health
fire & the environment


contact
 





select page


  
 



 



 














 





it’s not a matter of if, but when 


san diego has been home to three of california’s 10 largest fires, with: 


•	650,000 acres burned 


•	3,640 homes destroyed 


•	25 lives lost 


learn more > 








promoting fire safety in san diego county 


our programs help residents maintain 100 feet of defensible space around their homes and learn how to prepare for wildfire. 


learn more > 








fire safe councils 


forty-one local fire safe councils are working to educate local residents and protect their communities from wildfire. 


the neighborhood watch for fire safety 


learn more > 








it’s getting hot in here 


warmer temperatures and less rain lead to drought conditions that could bring about more severe wildfires and a longer fire season. 


learn more > 





 



























about the fire safe council of san diego county
the fire safe council of san diego county helps residents protect their families and homes from wildfire. through our programs and services we foster fire prevention and safety throughout the county, while encouraging community involvement. learn what you can do before, during, and after a wildfire to stay fire safe and fire wise.


 
learn more












san diego fire safe councils
learn more












what’s new





celebrating san diego’s fire safe council volunteers
by firesafe_admin | jun 28, 2024on may 30, 2024, the fire safe council of san diego county held its 17th annual volunteer awards at the ronald reagan community center in el cajon. this event honored the dedication and efforts of the many fire safe councils (fscs) and their volunteers committed to...
read more


our grizzlycorp fellow’s experience with the california naturalist program
by firesafe_admin | may 31, 2024this spring, the rcd of greater san diego county’s grizzlycorp fellow, joe lewis, had the opportunity to complete a california naturalist certification through a course offered by palomar college. the california naturalist program provides california residents an...
read more


california wildfire and forest resilience task force meets at the san diego safari park
by firesafe_admin | apr 26, 2024on april 4th, at the san diego zoo safari park, over 300 attendees gathered for the governor's wildfire and forest resilience task force’s southern california regional meeting. co-hosted by the resource conservation district (rcd) of san diego county and the san diego...
read more


« older entries





 
view all



upcoming events

cwpp workshop (in person)february 18 @ 1:00 pm - 3:00 pmescondido disaster awareness trainingfebruary 20 @ 9:00 am - 12:00 pmwarner springs last chance survival simulation workshopfebruary 22 @ 9:00 am - 3:00 pmcrest new brush engine ceremonymarch 8 @ 10:00 am - 12:00 pmfsc general meetingmarch 13 @ 10:30 am - 12:00 pm




 








today’s fire weather
current active fires
events
donate
 






facebook




x


designed by elegant themes | powered by wordpress 























