




            international institute for human empowerment        
































































spiritual empowerment

the new message of love

the new message of love – 3 volumes 
international peace meditation
new world empowerment

fibromyalgia task forceinternational unity daypublished works
experiencer empowerment

new world libraryopen to healing
donatesue shipe, phd.contact us














.
what happens when beauty and simplicity connects. we tried to give you a slight hint of that with the colorway theme.


 



















                                            celebrating 25 years! the mission of the international institute for human empowerment, inc. is to help prepare all people to succeed in a rapidly changing world ~ strengthening our inner resources, creating more responsive institutions, and preparing experiencers for leadership.                                    





 


spiritual empowerment
strengthening our inner resources

 


new world empowerment
creating more responsive institutions

 


experiencer empowerment
preparing experiencers for leadership

 


sue shipe, ph.d.
executive director, international institute for human empowerment, author, & chair, fibromyalgia task force.







news & announcements




 the new message of love – 3 volumes
the new message of love, available on amazon, is comprised of three books. book i: invitation to love book ii: the healing journey book iii: […]
continue reading... 


 new book – the new message of love
the new message of love
available on amazon: hardcover / paperback / kindle
the new message of love has been received, prepared, and published in order that […]
continue reading... 


 you are love: christianity transformed
you are love!
paperback/kindle
available on amazon
it’s a new day! you are love. memories of unexplained experiences may strengthen your faith. you have the capacity to see, […]
continue reading... 













 



a new way for a new day!




















international institute for human empowerment -
                                                    
















