


























































sydney musculoskeletal health - faculty of medicine and health















faculty of medicine and health































study medicine and health




our research




schools




industry and community




news and events




about the faculty



















































sydney musculoskeletal health





     
         global improvements in musculoskeletal health and physical activity
     







     
         sydney musculoskeletal health is a partnership between the university of sydney, sydney local health district and northern sydney local health district. we work with leaders in health on research, clinical services and training.
     




poor musculoskeletal health, fall-related injury, physical inactivity and ageing are the leading causes of disease burden globally. approximately 1.71 billion people worldwide have musculoskeletal conditions. 
low back pain, osteoarthritis, neck pain, rheumatoid arthritis and gout are some of the major musculoskeletal disorders and are the leading contributors to disability worldwide.
fall-related injuries significantly increase the risk of developing a disability. this burden will increase in coming decades unless action is taken now. 










people_











     
         about us
     





                        we are a partnership between the university of sydney,  sydney local health district and northern sydney local health district. we have cross-disciplinary collaboration across multiple faculties, research centres, clinics and local health districts.
                    













research_











     
         our research
     





                        we bring together a diverse group of world leading researchers, strengthening our ability to achieve transformative research, while delivering new opportunities and greater assistance to our teams.
                    

















news_











     
         news and events
     





                        read our latest news and register for upcoming events in sydney musculoskeletal health.
                    













funding_











     
         support our work
     





                        learn how you can help advance musculoskeletal health research.
                    












     
         connect with us
     





twitter
email



































