


robert chandler music - performer, musician, composer, vocalist & teacher














            



     contact me






performer - musician - vocalist - composer - teacher


home
solo performer
about me
lessons & bookings
media
upcoming performances
facebook
youtube



current projects
i am involved in a few projects at the moment.
as a soloist, i sing and play the guitar. the genre i perform has had so many names: the american songbook, american standards, jazz standards or just standards. i refer to what i do as performing the greatest songs ever written. they are beautiful, romantic, calming and joyful. it's the music of the 30s, 40s and 50s! you know... sinatra, fitzgerald, london, vaughn, bennett, krall, etc. some call me a crooner, others a torch singer and the rest... well...
my performance attitude is to be quietly heard. i believe someone should be able to sit right in front of me and still hold a normal conversation. i also like to give background and anecdotes on the songs and performers to sometimes engage people. this is the music i first performed professionally in the mid-sixties and, full circle, still love this music. the best songs ever written.
contact me
in the mid 80s, after touring shortly as an accompanist guitar player for some blues artists, i formed the band, blues alley. blues alley is a band and concept. the musicians and instrumentation is always somewhat in flux but the energy and inclusion is always present. audiences are encouraged to join in. the idea is to have fun. blues alley is blues, swing, soul and rock... and anything else that comes our way. visit the blues alley webpage for more.
in the late 90s, i formed the band, daddy-o! which attempts to recreate the early days of rock & roll, rockabilly, doo wop and country. yeah, that wonderful period of music that was so much fun and so full of energy! you remember elvis, bill haley & his comets, wanda jackson, gene vincent & his blue caps, eddie cochran, buddy holly and others. that's daddy-o! making you want to dance and have fun! check out the daddy-o! webpage for more stuff!
torch song began in 2016 because i love working with female vocalists. the music is basically the same as when i perform as a soloist but has a different atmosphere. there have been a few women who have worked with me in torch song in the past. there are still vocalists who attend my solo performances and sit-in with me singing as much as they like. the current vocalist with torch song is ms. brenna joyce, a graduate of berklee college of music and a vocalist with boston jazz bands as well. visit the torch song webpage for more information.
besides performing, my other biggest passion is teaching! as a multi-instrumentalist i have an advantage in that i can play and teach guitar, voice, piano, bass, drums, ukulele, banjo, mandolin, hand percussion, harmonica, vibraphone and lap steel guitar. i love teaching and feel blessed every time a student smiles because of that "moment". my instruction covers pretty much all styles as well as levels from beginner, to intermediate and professional. i also teach all ages! my hours are very flexible to accommodate any student. contact me to setup one-on-one lessons. i also teach online via skype! visit my teaching page.
here is my latest video. i do hope you like it.



your browser does not support the video tag.


contact mefor hiring me as a solist, or with any of my band projects or lessons 



solo performer
my one great passion
go see robert perform! he will bring some happiness & sweetness to your day!
  - danielle rizzotto, professional singer/artist
as a soloist, i sing and play the guitar. the genre i perform has had so many names: the american songbook, american standards, jazz standards or just standards. i refer to what i do as performing the greatest songs ever written. they are beautiful, romantic, calming and joyful. it's the music of the 30s, 40s and 50s! you know... sinatra, fitzgerald, london, vaughn, bennett, krall, etc.
my performance attitude is to be quietly heard. i believe someone should be able to sit right in front of me and still hold a normal conversation. i also like to give background and anecdotes on the songs and performers to sometimes engage people. this is the music i first performed professionally in the mid-sixties and, full circle, still love this music. the best songs ever written.
contact me

benefits of listening to relaxing music
so what's the science behind relaxing music? research shows that music with a low pitch and a slow tempo (around 50 to 60 beats per minute) takes us right to the zen zone. why? because our brainwaves actually sync to the slowed-down rhythm of the tunes. wild, right?
music keeps depression, anxiety and even physical pain at bay. it also takes the edge off in high-stress situations like surgery. one study revealed patients who listened to relaxing tunes during their procedure had lower levels of the stress hormone cortisol.
groove to your advantage
in addition to using music to chill out and unwind, you can hack your mood, productivity and sleep.
trigger feel-good hormones: we get a rush of dopamine from our favorite jams. 
listen before you snooze: research shows 45 minutes of music before bed gets you a better night's sleep.
boost productivity: studies revealed that music with 50 to 80 bpm can enhance creativity and learning. 
so why not do yourself some good and come to one of my performances! or, have a great life and come every week!


about me
some background on me
this all began when i was exposed to the delta blues, western swing, fado and old-time country by my grandfather at the age of 5. my father and mother also were playing swing, standards and rock & roll on their portable record player. i just had to be a drummer! by age 11, i had started a semi-pro career as a drummer and percussionist with local concert bands and symphony orchestras. at the age of 14, i was performing in jazz clubs in southeastern massachusetts and rhode island. at 15 i performed with arthur fiedler & the boston pops, the new england conservatory orchestra at tanglewood and recorded on percussion with jazz trumpeter bobby hutcherson.
i began my career in blues as a drummer with the rhode island band "natural facts"; switching to bass then to guitar. i had also performed with locals young neal and the vipers, and james montgomery.
i was chosen as producer and guitarist for harmonicist lee fortier's cd "turn it up" in 1997 with blues alley as the backup band. i was also producer, composer and arranger for blues alley's cd's: "lowdown" and "rather be alone".  and daddy-o! cds: "starlite drive-in", "hardcore fifties"and "crazy little mama . all of which can be heard on radio stations around the world! cds & individual songs are available on itunes, amazon and wewecan records.
currently, you can hear me performing with: daddy-o!,  blues alley  and  torch song as well as a solo performer. all of my musical endeavors are to keep alive the greatest era in american music: the fifties (and the 30s and 40s). wether i am playing jazz, blues, rock & roll, rockabilly, doo wop or pop, the look, the sound and the atmosphere will bring you back to that era.
i also teach guitar, bass, drums, percussion, voice, piano, banjo, mandolin, dobro, lap steel and violin at musiclessons.biz
email mecontact me
robert chandler at all about jazz


music instruction
my other great passion
i have been teaching privately for over 40 years and have loved every moment!
my methods are a bit different from most teachers. i believe that every lesson be molded to a student's needs and desires. no two students are the same so no two lesson plans are the same. it's more work on my part but i love the results. and, so do the students!
phone or text: (508) 295-8877
email: rchandlerperformer@gmail.com
visit my music instruction page

contact me for bookings and lessons


media
pictures, audio & video



photos


audio
... 


 video




go see robert perform! he will bring some happiness & sweetness to your day!
  - danielle rizzotto, professional singer/artist





upcoming performances
check back here often for updates on where i will be performing solo

january

friday, january 10, 2025: ansel's cafe 403 county road, marion, ma 02738  6:00pm - 9:00pm https://www.anselscafe.com/ (508) 748-1111  
come sit in a relaxing atmosphere, view and walk the beautiful gardens, enjoy delicious fare prepared by liz and listen to beautiful, romantic music, jazz standards, latin and bossa nova. 


friday, january 24, 2025: ansel's cafe 403 county road, marion, ma 02738  6:00pm - 9:00pm https://www.anselscafe.com/ (508) 748-1111  
come sit in a relaxing atmosphere, view and walk the beautiful gardens, enjoy delicious fare prepared by liz and listen to beautiful, romantic music, jazz standards, latin and bossa nova. 

friday, january 31, 2025: ansel's cafe 403 county road, marion, ma 02738  6:00pm - 9:00pm https://www.anselscafe.com/ (508) 748-1111  
come sit in a relaxing atmosphere, view and walk the beautiful gardens, enjoy delicious fare prepared by liz and listen to beautiful, romantic music, jazz standards, latin and bossa nova. 
febuary

friday, january 14, 2025: ansel's cafe valentine's day special! 403 county road, marion, ma 02738  6:00pm - 9:00pm https://www.anselscafe.com/ (508) 748-1111  
special valentine's day menu!  music - all valentine specific! 
    come sit in a relaxing atmosphere, view and walk the beautiful gardens, enjoy delicious fare prepared by liz and listen to beautiful, romantic music, jazz standards, latin and bossa nova. 
march
 
april

sunday, april 13, 2025: nasketucket bay vineyard 237 new boston road, fairhaven, ma 2:00pm - 5:00pm http://www.peacelovevino.net (508) 748-1111  https://www.facebook.com/nasketucketbayvineyard

may

sunday, may 11, 2025: nasketucket bay vineyard 237 new boston road, fairhaven, ma 2:00pm - 5:00pm http://www.peacelovevino.net (508) 748-1111 https://www.facebook.com/nasketucketbayvineyard

june

sunday, june 8, 2025: nasketucket bay vineyard 237 new boston road, fairhaven, ma 2:00pm - 5:00pm http://www.peacelovevino.net (508) 748-1111 https://www.facebook.com/nasketucketbayvineyard

july
 
august

sunday, august 3, 2025: nasketucket bay vineyard 237 new boston road, fairhaven, ma 2:00pm - 5:00pm http://www.peacelovevino.net (508) 748-1111 https://www.facebook.com/nasketucketbayvineyard

september

sunday, september 21, 2025: nasketucket bay vineyard 237 new boston road, fairhaven, ma 2:00pm - 5:00pm http://www.peacelovevino.net (508) 748-1111 https://www.facebook.com/nasketucketbayvineyard

october
 
november

sunday, november 2, 2025: nasketucket bay vineyard 237 new boston road, fairhaven, ma 2:00pm - 5:00pm http://www.peacelovevino.net (508) 748-1111 https://www.facebook.com/nasketucketbayvineyard

december

sunday, december 21, 2025: nasketucket bay vineyard 237 new boston road, fairhaven, ma 2:00pm - 5:00pm relax   with me by enjoying a wonderful glass of wine (or two!) and jazz standards as well as the most-loved christmas songs! sing-a-long with me if you like!  http://www.peacelovevino.net (508) 748-1111 https://www.facebook.com/nasketucketbayvineyard








	 contact me







robert chandler     torch song    daddy-o!    blues alley    music instruction 





