ï»¿hotels in rochester, mn near mayo clinic | centerstone plaza hotel  skip to content   toggle navigation    details the roomstraditional tower guestroomsinns at centerstonegroup roomsamenities courtesy shuttlemayo clinic guestfood & drinkgallerycontactbook now877-887-7776  welcome to our downtownrochester mn hotellocated two minutes from mayo clinic, our hotel inns at centerstone are perfect for social distancing with private exterior entrances and full kitchens to accommodate your specific needs perfectly.  courtesy shuttleon-going. on-demand. on-call. on your schedule. shuttle to mayo clinic campus, grocery stores, and apache mall. learn more  eat & drinkour on-site dining establishment with the most beautiful patio seating and dedicated gluten-free dining.learn more  groups & meetingsgather your team, family, or business partners! we would love to host your groups and events at centerstone.learn more  area guidethere's plenty to do in rochester, mn. take a moment to explore the surrounding rochester area and all it offers. learn moreabout usmyron and michelle salz and the centerstone plaza hotel soldiers field – mayo clinic area in rochester, mn welcomes you with gracious accommodations. located on the outer edge of historic downtown rochester, we’re just two minutes away from mayo clinic rochester and st. marys hospital. our express courtesy shuttle will drive you to mayo clinic rochester and many popular local destinations.learn morestayguests choose from a wide variety of hotel rooms, including handsomely appointed traditional tower guest rooms with mini refrigerators and microwaves. handicapped-accessible rooms and one floor of pet-friendly rooms are also available in the tower. at the adjacent inns, we offer extended-stay guestrooms and pet-friendly options with plenty of space, a fully equipped kitchen with full-sized appliances, and a separate living room.learn moreamenitiesat centerstone plaza hotel, we offer an array of amenities to make your stay as stress-free and enjoyable as possible. take advantage of free on-call shuttle rides, a complimentary light breakfast buffet , the largest indoor pool in rochester, an accessible parking lot, and beautiful onsite patios & gardens for when you want to relax.  learn morespecialsstay up to date with our latest specials and dealslearn more  centerstone plaza soldiers field centerstone plaza soldiers field  401 6th street sw rochester, minnesota 55902 united states    phone:  507-288-2677    toll free:  877-887-7776    fax:  507-282-2042 contactamenitiesprivacy statementsitemapget updates from us  submit connect with us facebook   twitter   instagram   pinterest website designbyvizergy