



	comedy talk show & podcast - keith and the girl





























latest episode

play



















keith and the girl - free comedy talk show
keith malley and chemda
keith and the girl free comedy talk show




menu








home

vip

shows, notes & pics

forums

store

amazon

bonus shows


listen on itunes

















keith and the girl comedy talk show

 




                            join us as we talk with comics about current events, 
                    pop culture, politics and even intimate details of our lives.
                        we create a new hour-long show each 
                    weekday and post on this website and on itunes. 

                        

                            subscribe to our free podcast and episodes will download automatically.
                        
every show is guaranteed to make you laugh!








subscribe to our free comedy podcast with itunes
get our podcast (rss feed in this link)


 

we've been featured in




recent shows
 






3891: keith’s dad forgives him w/ rojo perez
keith is forgiven! all the drama with keith’s dad, katg.com/dad, and the world’s greatest catfishing saga has been rectified! the duo are father and son again!

rojo perez, the opener to the dad emails book, joins keith to discuss it all, as well as a love hormone spray to combat loneliness, hate mail, kanye west’s swastika t-shirt, and captain america: brave new world.
february 14, 2025


 download audio
 itunes
 subscribe
 comments


listen to the show loading audio player... (requires a modern browser to work)error: javascript must be enabled for the player to work.


show notes
— valentine’s day and a love hormone spray to combat loneliness
— the new trump american calendar
— katg hate mail/kanye west’s $20 swastika t-shirt makes him $2,000,000/ye’s divorce
— captain america: brave new world baby spoilers


guests


rojo perez




pictures




the boss, his emotional support human, and the president







they got us back!







kanye west's $8 million super bowl commercial







ye and the only thing that was at yeezy.com







































katg.com/tgan







katg.com/dadbook







katg.com/vip

























3890: not like us (fly, eagles fly) w/ abbi crutchfield
the hilarious abbi crutchfield joins keith to discuss super bowl 2025. the duo covers it all from the new orleans blowout to the rigged puppy bowl; from the commercials to the kendrick lamar halftime show; from taylor swift and serena williams to nazis donald trump, elon musk, and kanye west; and, from hosting parties to apple’s sequoia 15.3 breaking your printer. it’s game on, baby.
february 10, 2025


 download audio
 itunes
 subscribe
 comments


listen to the show loading audio player... (requires a modern browser to work)error: javascript must be enabled for the player to work.


show notes
— apple martin and hosting parties
— super bowl lix feat. the blowout, the rigged puppy bowl xxi, kick of destiny 3, the commercials, tom brady and bill belichick, betting against friends, new orleans, the kendrick lamar halftime show, and taylor swift & serena williams
— donald trump feat. fellow nazis elon musk and kanye west
— apple’s sequoia 15.3 breaking your printer


guests


abbi crutchfield




pictures












patrick mahomes is just getting started







travis kelce







taylor swift getting booed: "what's going on?"







bill belichick (72) and jordon hudson (24) - (this is picture is real) 







kendrick lamar singing: "say, drake, i hear you like 'em young."







drake







fly, eagles fly!







keith burning computer printers (also real)










more show notes and pics



fan tattoos & brandings
 



                        over 140 tattoos and brandings have been put to skin. click here to see them all.
                    













get the keith and the girl show



subscribe to our free comedy podcast with itunes
get our podcast (rss feed in this link)



pages

the hosts
past guests
calendar
keith and the girl episodes
katgtv
join us on air
tattoos/brandings
books
deals & offers



subscribe to the katg newsletter




                                                type your email below to get started.


                                                easy unsubscribe. we never spam.
                                            








follow us









like us on facebook
follow us on twitter
watch us on youtube


like us
                                            on facebook
follow us
                                            on twitter
watch us
                                            on youtube


subscribe on reddit
get our podcast (rss feed link inside)



subscribe
                                            on reddit
get our
                                            podcast















contact
advertising
donate
free things
huar








join the show
keith and the girl is a free comedy talk show hosted by keith malley and chemda. topics include current events, pop culture, politics and even intimate details of their lives.
they create a new hour-long show each weekday and make it available on this site and on itunes. subscribe to the free podcast and have new episodes downloaded automatically.
every show is guaranteed to make you laugh!


















subscribe to our rss
subscribe on reddit
watch us on youtube
follow us on twitter
like us on facebook
follow us: 
 




















