




 


wayne county chamber of commerce - home








      





log in
























home




business directory




events



all events




past event photos







about wayne county



attractions




civic groups




churches




education




lodging




shopping & dining




travel / maps




volunteering




wayne county blogger




county maps







join us



advertising opportunities




member benefits







business resources



available sites




jobs available




companies







contact



subscribe to email blast




careers







 






 
 our 2017 community & visitors guide! 

 wayne county is recognized as a silver level tva sustainable community. click here for more info.



check out big oldies radio online! click the icon above!

 for tourism information please visit http://www.natchezvalley.com for upcoming events and places to visit while in our area

2023-24 board of directorspresident: jason rich                                                     vice pres:  chuck koblentz, wwon                    secretary:  stacey brewer, wayne county bank              mason smith, collinwood auto parts                                denton peebles, farm buearu insurance                           john hickman, waynesboro city manager                       gary victory, collinwood city manager                         doug kibbey, clifton city manager                                  clayton cross, hollis academy                                       steven turnbow, tvec                                                         betina sanders, capstar bank                                             janelle bevis, janna's posies                                    christine chapman, executive director                            wayne county chamber of commerce                          

 

 "your business grows here" 
our vision:
continuous preservation and enhancement of the quality of life in the wayne county area.

our mission:
the wayne county chamber of commerce is dedicated to enhancing and promoting business and industry in the wayne county area by using all available resources to provide service, guidance, and support for all of our members.2022 board of directors meetingsall meetings are held in the chamber of commerce office. 100 court circlejanuary 19th 12:00pmapril 14th 12:00 pmjuly 14th 12:00 pmoctober 13th 12:00 pm 

 








click the logo above for more info.
















 








home
































copyright 2015 wayne county chamber of commerce - 100 court circle room 301.
"wayne county chamber of commerce" is a 501(c)6 non-profit organization. tennessee , p.o. box 574, waynesboro, tn 38485






powered by wild apricot membership software









