







 











home | garrett



















































 




garrett
phone

1-800-222-3650

social media icons







home
vinyl liners

in ground pool liner patterns
above ground pool liners
textured step liners
liner warranty & registration
pool safety

in ground pool safety
above ground pool safety




safety covers

safety cover fabric & color options
safety cover warranty & registration


gallery
homeowners

warranty & registration
care & maintenance

liner care & maintenance
safety cover care & maintenance


pool safety

in ground pool safety
above ground pool safety


find a garrett dealer


dealers

dealer form library
online order tracking
warranties & registration
parts & accessories
become a garrett dealer

dealer testimonials




employee portal
about

our staff


contact




enjoy the luxury and relaxation of your swimming pool, enhanced by one of
garrett’s beautiful, superior-quality liners.unsurpassed quality, perfect fit, & maximum durability.protect the ones you love most, and your swimming pool investment, with a superior-quality safety cover from garrettthe best fitting and most durable pool liners from the longest established manufacturer in the industry.the best fitting and most durable pool liners from the longest established manufacturer in the industry.




since our founding in 1964. garrett liners has continued to prove that experience and quality really do make a difference in producing the best fitting and most durable vinyl pool liners.
we tailor every liner and safety cover to the precise specifications of your pool. 
every vinyl liner (and safety cover) – from a simple rectangle to the most complex free form pool with steps, benches, and tanning ledge – is custom crafted for your pool by our team of experienced and dedicated designers and production technicians.  we use the latest technologies and the precise specifications of your pool; ensuring the quality, fit, and performance you can rely on.
 we use only the highest quality materials and processes: 
at garrett, we use only 100% virgin vinyl that is produced in the united states and canada (no offshore vinyl is used – ever). all our vinyl is formulated with uv inhibitors and biocides and, in addition, our inground vinyl material has been certified by the cffa (the chemical fabrics and film association) ensuring lasting quality and maximum durability; giving you peace of mind that choosing a garrett vinyl liner is the best choice.  to learn more about the cffa, visit www.vinylpoolliners.org.  
we offer a wide variety of patterns and colors. 
do you want to express your personal style and enhance the look of your backyard oasis? we offer 52 patterns and colors  –  including including tile borders, borderless, premium patterns, and our extra value collection.  whatever your style – traditional or contemporary, bold or tranquil – you will find it here.
all of our patterns are available with textured vinyl for use on steps, tanning ledges and benches.  this provides a tactile transition to make you more aware of the steps, ledges or benches in your pool. 
our products are ideal for both new construction and replacement installations.
as the longest-established, operating liner manufacturer in the industry, garrett liners is proud to manufacture the best-fitting and most durable swimming pool liners and safety covers for our customers.
when fit, quality, and peace of mind matter…#gottagettagarrett
click here to view our 2025 vinyl liner collection.
proven experience and quality make a difference.  garrett liners and covers is a family-owned and managed manufacturer of custom vinyl liners and safety covers. since 1964, we’ve been perfecting our design and production processes to produce the world’s most accurately-fitting and reliable pool liners and safety covers.
https://www.traditionrolex.com/46
click here to learn more about garrett, and to meet our team!

we only use materials manufactured in the u.s. and canada.




dealers
homeowners








testimonials
” we used the same liner/cover company since 2002 and switched over to garrett in 2014.  we did not want to give our business to a large company and basically get lost in the hustle. garrett gives the attention to detail that is needed when building “not so common pools”.   we have given them some complex situations and whether it’s a liner or a cover the fit always impresses us as well as our customers.  along with outstanding customer service we are proud to have garrett build all the liners and winter covers for our pools” .
joe & zoe f. – complete pools – bucyrus, ks” our company has been using garrett liners for the past year and i must say that the product as well as the service of the staff is remarkable.  our orders are ready for pickup when we are called and there is usually wait time”.
michael m. – shore thing pools & spa – barnegat, nj” i appreciate the amazing customer service you guys have given me.  i have dealt with other liner company’s and none of them have been as quick as you to respond to me and provide quality service”
jacob c. – crystal clere pools – greensboro, md“doing business with garrett liners makes my job so much easier.  their customer support team is very helpful and personable, i can always talk to a designer if i have questions, and if i have any problems or issues (which are few and far between) they resolve them quickly and efficiently.
the fit of a garrett liner is excellent, and with a wide selection of patterns to choose from you can’t go wrong!”
steve s. – schembri pools – levittown, pa” i’ve been dealing with garrett liners for all my safety cover and liner needs for years now.  i have to say that each and every employee is very knowledgeable with the product and expediting requests with outstanding service.
from technical support in the field to receiving the necessary sales tools to grow my company – garrett is always there ensuring the best results for the consumer!”
jason d.  – allegro pools and spas, egg harbor township, njwe have been installing garrett liners for over 25 years.  during that time, they have provided excellent customer service with great warranty support.  what we appreciate the most about the actual liners is the nice fit, ease of installation, large selection of patterns, and quick turnaround time.
alan p. – apco pool specialties, inc. – fallsington, pa“the staff at garrett liners are true masters of their trade.  i have tried 4 – 5 liner manufacturers over the years and have found garrett’s fit and attention to detail second to none!”
isaac p. – sparklean pools, doylestown, paas a ‘vinyl guy,’ i strive to provide the best quality, fit, and value as well as excellent customer service. i am glad there is a company who does the same for me. every person i have dealt with at garrett liners is courteous, knowledgeable, and provides excellent customer service. garrett has shown me their expertise and experience first-hand. i have my vinyl liner company now and for the future!
john b. – aaqua vinyl liner installations, tampa, fl2015 was a year that saw a lot of changes in the pool industry, with mergers, consolidations, and plant closings. this prompted me to try seven different liner manufacturers. garrett liners proved to be the best in fit, quality, customer service, and on-time delivery. for my company, garrett liners will be my top choice when purchasing new vinyl liners in 2016.
paul d. – heritage pools, putnam, ct & sutton, mathank you very much for all you did to make sure all went well for me on this first order with garrett. the install went great! no problem or issues. cover looks great. customer is very happy.
jeff v. – pools by the sea, llc – supply,  north carolinaall of their products fit exactly as they should and the materials are top notch! it’s nice to deal with a company that stands behind their product! they have a customer in me for life!
tj f. – fawcett pool and spa, hamilton, new jerseyi switched to garrett in the fall of 2015 for my safety cover business. i had a fantastic overall experience. their customer service is top notch and the design team is the best in the business. i’m looking forward to a fantastic future for both my liner and safety cover business. thank you team garrett
gus g. – classic pool & spa – staten island, new york


gallery

any shape liners
perfect fit liners
safety covers
stairs/special features
underwater



contact us


 


















about usgarrett liners is the longest-established vinyl swimming pool liner manufacturer in the world.
founded in 1964 by bill and winnie garrett, and currently managed by second generation owner, ken garrett.
read more

home
vinyl liners
safety covers
gallery
homeowners


dealers
employee portal
about
contact


copyright
© copyright 2017 garrett.
social media icons


 


website seal










homevinyl liners▼in ground pool liner patternsabove ground pool linerstextured step linersliner warranty & registrationpool safety▼in ground pool safetyabove ground pool safetysafety covers▼safety cover fabric & color optionssafety cover warranty & registrationgalleryhomeowners▼warranty & registrationcare & maintenance▼liner care & maintenancesafety cover care & maintenancepool safety▼in ground pool safetyabove ground pool safetyfind a garrett dealerdealers▼dealer form libraryonline order trackingwarranties & registrationparts & accessoriesbecome a garrett dealer▼dealer testimonialsemployee portalabout▼our staffcontact 




















