































    jersey lanes linden new jersey
  















                  

 

 





 

   

call us




       home



  pricing



  parties & events


   birthday parties



  corporate parties


   corporate party catering menu





  fundraisers



  catering menu





  online reservations



  leagues/programs


   adult leagues



  youth leagues



  league standings





  tournaments



  snack bar


   lunch and dinner menu



  late night menu





  contact











    
 





        welcome to

 jersey lanes

 one of new jersey's leading bowling and recreation centers offering fun and entertainment for all ages in a fun and eco-friendly environment.

  

book now




   
    

  open bowling

  

button




  

  birthday parties

  

button




  

  leagues

  

button




  

  youth leagues

  

button










    coporate parties

make this year’s holiday party unforgettable with a celebration at jersey lanes! bowling is the perfect way to bring everyone together for a unique experience that blends team building with festive fun.our holiday party packages come with everything you need: private meeting space for end-of-year speeches or awards, and delicious on-site catering to keep the party going. major brands like verizon wireless, td bank, hilton, and delta airlines have celebrated with us, and we’re excited to host yours next!﻿bring the magic of the holiday season to the lanes this year—contact us to book your holiday party at jersey lanes!   

learn more


 



   

  now accepting reservations

ready to roll? at jersey lanes, reserving lanes  just got easier! 
say goodbye to waiting in long lines or hoping for an available lane. our online reservation system lets you book your preferred lane in a breeze. whether you're planning a fun night out with friends or hosting a party, we've got you covered. so why wait? take control and reserve your lane today!
  

book now




   
 jersey lanes is family owned for generations since 1961.

we are one of new jersey's leading bowling and recreation centers offering fun and entertainment for all ages in an eco-friendly environment. we feature 42 lanes, all with the latest technology available from automatic scoring on synthetic lanes to automatic bumpers, making bowlers of all ages and skill smile. we pride ourselves on outstanding customer service, value and cleanliness. and don’t forget, we are a non-smoking facility, so we have fresh air to spare! we are proud to announce the recent addition of solar power! we are now the biggest solar generating bowling center in new jersey! we’re doing everything we can to make the future bright for the next generation.


    dowload our app -
open lane!

download the open lane app to earn rewards, track your scores, and join waiting lists for lanes effortlessly!
    


  





 



    dowload our app -
open lane!

download the open lane app to earn rewards, track your scores, and join waiting lists for lanes effortlessly!
    


  





 



    want to stay up to date with events at jersey lanes?
   

join now









   

reserve your lanes


      



    jersey lanes 30 park avenue linden, nj 07036
908.486.6300

  

find us


 
 business hours
    sun - thu
 10:00 am 
- 12:00 am


 fri - sat
 10:00 am 
- 1:00 am





   follow us
  

 

 
























































































































  
  share by:








