





















school district no. 1 health and welfare trust















menu



















main menu
×









my benefits

health benefits
life and accidental death & dismemberment (ad&d) insurance
long-term disability
no- and low-cost benefit perks

healthy lifestyle
mental wellness
member only savings
life services

more benefits

credit union membership
employee assistance program (eap)
employee mileage reimbursement
exclusive discounts
flexible spending account (fsa)
professional development
retirement planning and resources








enrollment

when to enroll
eligible dependents

how to enroll
dependent verification

dependent verification faqs



my life events

events that allow you to change your benefits mid-year

marriage
domestic partnership
divorce or legal separation
birth, adoption or legal guardianship
death
change in employment status
change in other coverage


life-threatening illness, injury and death
leave of absence
change of address


blog

articles, videos & infographics
2018-2022 archive articles








more

about the trust
faqs
my rights
machine readable files
archives


forms

enrollment
electronic funds transfer (eft) authorization form
affidavit of domestic partnership
authorization for use or disclosure of health information
express scripts: mail order form
express scripts: prescription reimbursement claim form
the standard: ltd claim instructions and forms
not seeing your form? contact the trust











home
close













contacts
×



key benefit carrier contacts
contact the trust administrative office
dependent eligibility verification
contact pps district benefits office
contact participating bargaining units







the sd trust website is designed to use javascript. please enable javascript within your browser settings
 







providence health plan participants:
for current information about the ongoing strike by the oregon nurses association at multiple providence facilities, click here. for information about how to access care at providence locations in oregon, click here.












have you heard about omada?
omada is a new health management program for trust members and your enrolled, eligible dependents age 18 and over. there is no cost to you for this program. click here to learn more! 



















welcome
this website provides employees of the portland public schools who are eligible for benefits through the school district no. 1 health & welfare trust with the information you need to get the most from your benefits.






 





get enrolled
new employees: get started here to enroll!





access your information
after you’re enrolled, view your personal eligibility and enrollment information.





already enrolled?
find current plan year information and view plan documents.










get an answer
find key contact information.





make a change?
update your benefits to match the changes in your life.





protect your income
see your long-term disability, life and accidental death & dismemberment coverage.







use your benefits well











find us on facebook!













healthy benefits, healthy you - february 10, 2025 blog post












choosing the right plan


ready to enroll? check out our tips for choosing the right plan for your and your family!











no- and low-cost benefit programs and member perks


explore all the extras that come with being a member of the sd-1 trust health & welfare trust.















benefits you can trust. since 1972.
health & welfare benefits for school district no. 1 health & welfare trust members


trust office:
                                12205 sw tualatin rd., suite 200
                                tualatin, or  97062

toll free phone: (833) 255-4123
phone: (503) 486-2107
                            





connect with us




contact us






health trust news






follow us on facebook









quick links




find a doctor






see your benefits






make a change






change your address






faqs












                copyrights © 2018 all rights reservedschool district no. 1 health & welfare trust.



terms of use / privacy policy

















