




turf management & lawn care specialists | munie greencare








































 
































write a review
call us now618-624-lawn (5296)


lawn care customer login
request a quote










menu









home
about 

company info
testimonials


land maintenance services 

all land maintenance services
commercial landscape maintenance
industrial grounds maintenance
military landscape maintenance
golf & sports field maintenance
ice & snow removal


lawn specialist services 

lawn specialist services
professional lawn care/turgrass management

residential lawn care
commercial lawn care
golf and sports turf management


turf establishment

new lawn installation & establishment
sod installation
golf course construction & renovation
sports field construction and renovation
drainage system
irrigation systems
erosion control




portfolio
contact
employment
blog






rooted in community






beautiful lawns
made easy







commercial
site maintenance







sports and recreation
athletic fields, golf courses, and parks







military
installations and privatized housing







campuses
corporate, medical, schools, and universities







industrial and right of way
site and vegetation management

















land maintenance servicesmunie greencare professionals strives to be the best in the world at land maintenance with an emphasis on large complex sites with full service capabilities as a single source provider. mgp serves commercial, industrial, military housing communities, and recreation…read more
professional lawn care and turfgrass managementmunie lawn specialists is dedicated to the art and science of turfgrass excellence, serving the sports, residential, and commercial markets. mls are experts in the management and establishment of turfgrass…read more









since 1980, our business and our reputation have been built by doing everything possible to keep each customer we serve completely satisfied. we’ve achieved this by consistently providing the highest-quality services delivered by customer-driven employees, and completed at reasonable prices. real value is only created when our balance of service, expertise, convenience and price exceeds the expectations of our clients. it’s exactly this kind of added value that we strive to deliver in every transaction. this is the munie difference, and we invite you to learn what a real difference it can make for you.




munie greencare professionals: turf management & lawn specialists



the munie company has been a leader and innovator in the green industry since 1980. with 40 plus years in of proven quality, munie has expanded our operations to 9 states throughout the nation, including illinois, missouri, kansas, florida, louisiana, north carolina, alabama, maryland, and oklahoma, and are continually growing to become a nationally recognized brand for turf management and land maintenance services. the munie company serves two distinct segments: professional grounds maintenance and turfgrass and lawn care services.
munie greencare professionals strives to be the best in the world at land maintenance with an emphasis on large complex sites with full service capabilities as a single source provider. munie greencare professionals serves commercial, industrial, military housing communities, and sports and recreation markets.
munie lawn specialist is dedicated to the art and science of turf management and excellence, serving sports, residential, and commercial markets. munie lawn specialists are experts in the management and establishment of turfgrass.
our history as turf management experts
 since 1980, the munie company has been dominating the turf management scene with its innovative passion for customer satisfaction. we are committed to providing exceptional customer experience by listening and providing innovative solutions, uncompromising integrity and quality with knowledgeable, caring people. we pride ourselves on delivering maximum value, minimizing waste, and promoting environmental stewardship.
to learn about munie’s innovative solutions for turf maintenance, please contact us here or give us a call at 618-624-5296.
our biggest asset: our people

the munie company understands that our people are our greatest asset and we are proud of our team. our team members consist of certified and degreed individuals who have in-depth experience working on top-level facilities and are capable of performing the highest quality of work in a fast paced environment. our team can come up with the best turf management solutions to even the most unique situations. we are dedicated to training professionals to deliver incredible customer service and act with integrity while performing to the standard to which we as a company and our customers expect.
 
a green turf management company that cares

munie is fully committed to promoting a culture of safety. we encourage collaboration across all levels of the organization for the safety of our employees, customers, and public in all the work we do. our processes are set up to value safety of each individual. safety is the primary consideration in the planning and execution of our work.
much of the land maintenance and turf management work that munie does positively enhances the environment. we are committed to protecting and improving the environment through a conservation program by reducing wastes and focusing on soil, water, and air quality to ensure that the internal attitude of our company reflects the work we do for customers, not only in quality, but also in the sense of creating a beautiful and healthy environment to live and work in. we strive to make a difference by providing sustainable turf management solutions and by performing our work in the most environmentally responsible manner.
with our own sod farm operation, we are growers of premium varieties of turf that promise a dark green, healthy lawn. 
hire us for your grounds maintenance and turfgrass management needs
with our diverse set of professional grounds maintenance and turfgrass services, we are your single source provider for all of your green industry needs. no project is too large or too small for munie to provide solutions beyond your expectations. from residential lawn care to full sports field complex construction, munie has you covered.
for more information on our company and our turf management services or to order sod from our local sod farm operation, please contact us at    618-624-5296.








munievision statement

the vision of munie greencare professionals is to be a trusted partner by caring for and enhancing your environment while increasing the value and function of every greenspace. 
testimonialshaving worked with munie greencare on several major projects, our firm has been impressed with their expertise and quality of work… munie’s manpower and equipment resources allowed their installation to run quickly, seamlessly, and within budget. i would not hesitate to recommend their services.
roy dufreche, asla, clarb
read more







home
about
land maintenance services
lawn specialist services
portfolio
contact
employment
blog

copyright munie greencare professionals - all rights reserved.
lawn care website design by silver scope web design - st. louis




























