









michael herman – inviting and supporting collaborative breakthroughs






















 








skip to content








michael herman
inviting and supporting collaborative breakthroughs








    menu	
home
perspective
practices
results
experience
resources
contact
















perspective | anything is possible


we’re living in turbulent times, permanent whitewater, crux moments – looking for breakthroughs, turning points, and transformation. when the old ways have stopped working and new ways need to be discovered, it’s time to open more space.


when given the chance, ordinary people handle what’s charged and challenging in extraordinary ways. in any kind of organization or working group, we can engage all hands, translate pain points and possibilities into roadmaps that teams can rally around, and lean into practices that can drive better outcomes. we can regain balance and momentum. the way through complexity, conflict and uncertainty is together.
improvements and breakthroughs can happen faster and easier than you’d expect. that’s been my experience in corporate strategic planning, agile transformation, and peaceful development during an armed civil war; in economic development and employee engagement; with start-ups, community groups and foundations; students from grade school to grad school, every level of government, and many religious organizations and denominations.
for more than thirty years, clients have called me in moments of challenge – and opportunity. i’ve helped them bring people together, focus on what matters, and do new and amazing things. i’ve been willing to step into situations that make others shy away. together, we’ve worked toward multi-stakeholder, multi-win solutions.
no matter the odds, i think we should try.











practices | simple is powerful


the best meeting and management practices are the ones we can learn quickly, replicate, and maintain – to respond quickly and effectively to all kinds of change or disruption. keep it simple! plan, deliver, adjust – in short cycles – over and over again. whatever you’re up against, an open, agile approach can make a big difference:


invite everyoneengage and energize the whole
visualize everything understand and align the work
prioritize and refinedo the right things, right now
commit and delivertake many small steps to win big
review and improvelearn, adapt, evolve (repeat)


this simple way of working is immediately practical, and powerful, in any kind of organization or situation. it works with the people, tools and resources you already have. applied at any scale, it can help you deliver the results you need and overcome obstacles to sustaining your success.
start with one or a few teams, in one big event or a short series of meetings. connect diverse groups and functions. share roadmaps and align efforts. engage customer and stakeholder groups. for best results, leaders go first. start with the senior team, board and committee chairs, or any other core group. work out from there. my resources page will help you get started.











results | clarity, energy, impact



what bigger, better results are you working toward? everyone fully engaged? an evolutionary leap in business performance or community impact? working across silos? catalyzing innovation, learning and adaptation? kick off something new and amazing? solve something specific, local or technical? reorganize, regroup or recharge? 


here’s how i might help you with an issue or opportunity that really matters in your organization or community:
strategize: i bring a unique and rigorous view. let’s talk about what you’re doing, where it’s going well, and what needs to go better. we can review and reimagine everything that matters, from mission to metrics, from colleagues and partners to stakeholders and customers, from the results you’re getting, to the improvements and breakthroughs you need to achieve. i help my clients do clear-eyed review, gain fresh perspectives, design a more engaging process, write a bolder invitation, and craft a clearer strategy to get the results they need.
mobilize: i can help you engage any size group (from 5-500+ people) in wildly productive customer conferences, stakeholder summits, board or team retreats, and other strategic or tactical meetings. the more complexity, diversity and urgency in the situation, the better. we pioneered large online meetings (in 2015!), but we can start with one or a few teams meeting face-to-face. i help my clients expand involvement, deepen engagement, address their biggest issues and opportunities, and get people moving – energized and aligned – toward the results everyone wants.
realize: i can help you invite and support sustainable high performance. it’s easy to have a great meeting or collaborative event, but a few hours or even days of spirited work aren’t usually enough. for real impact, we need to keep it going. we need to invite the “off-site spirit” back to the office (and home offices). i help my clients learn from off-site success, leverage existing resources into immediate next steps, and adapt existing tools and practices into better ways of working – to deliver the better outcomes and bigger impact that customers and stakeholders keep asking for.
you can get the results you want and need – i can help you get there more directly.
















experience | inviting and supporting


i’ve worked with remarkable friends, colleagues, teachers and clients, on six continents, for more than thirty years. in 1990, i was an outward bound wilderness course instructor with an mba in finance from a top-ranked business school. from there, i followed a “road less traveled,” learning personally from more than my fair share of world-renown thought leaders in organization development, leadership and transformation, agile methods, and more.

along the way, i’ve developed my own rigorous perspective on self-organization, team learning and enterprise agility and become known for my writing, teaching, facilitating, coaching and consulting. the “inviting organization” and “inviting leadership” i first described in this website in 1998 are still relevant and spreading.
i’ve supported change agents of all stripes, working at any level, inside and outside of formal organizations: transformational leaders, visionary reformers, pioneering innovators, daring first followers, organizational instigators, practical experimenters, community connectors and passionate advocates. 
i can help you make incremental improvements and evolutionary leaps – starting where you are, adapting leading-edge practices to the people, systems and resources you have, building on what’s already working, and inviting everyone into making more of that. sound like fun? contact
bio detail | case stories | writing













resources





here are my two most important and frequently shared resources:  detailed practice guides for open space and business agility.
the resources library offers a small heap of other original material, including papers, checklists, practice tools, plus links to supporting materials written by others. 



click to view/download – 60 pages



click to view/download – 31 pages














let’s talk




what big thing are you working on?  
can i help you invite and support a collaborative breakthrough in your organization, network or community? clients call me a process designer, facilitator, teacher, consultant, project manager or enterprise coach.
my work brings people together, gets things done, and grows more of what works in teams and organizations.  
want to know more?
email me at michael@michaelherman.com.


















i am so honored to know a peacemaker who gives his life in the service of greater peace in the world. thank you for your commitment and contribution to life.   

director and executive coach, chicago












…you are the spirit of invitation, embodied.  you created a kind of space, where i was able to spill out all the pieces of my story. you easily perceived the potential invitations and gave me a direct and encouraging experience of how inspiration and order emerges rapidly from a bit of chaos!   

assistant dean, washington












another big thank you for the exciting and expansive dialogue during our coaching session. there have been immediate results. i am sure that this happened because you helped me see alternatives and i allowed the possibilities to emerge in the group.   

consultant and facilitator, chicago












…our national meeting was a roaring success, many said our best ever, universally appreciated and praised.  i'm deeply grateful to feel the power within our organization and to have the seed of our new culture self-organize and take hold.   

internal od/learning specialist












thank you for helping make yesterday's meeting an unqualified success. we should consider adopting this format for every meeting. it can be something our group is known for. there was so much energy and enthusiasm in the room.   

entrepreneur and network organizer












thanks for organizing a remarkable board meeting.  i have been on countless for-profit and non-profit boards, but this type of working board meeting is unique in my experience. the best board meeting experience i have ever had.   

board member and ceo












…our conversation was one of those signature events in my life. i'm not sure that i have words to articulate what changed, but in short, i began to understand at a gut level what large systems are all about.   

business professor, chicago (five years after we talked)












michael‚ the seed that you planted has grown into many plants with many practitioners active in singapore. the charts you left behind are still with me! (nearly ten years later)   

internal learning champion, international law firm












…i appreciate your observing, articulating, living with, and working to change deep patterns …in yourself, in the groups you work with, in the world …and that you take relationships more seriously than anything else.   

project partner, san francisco












…you really know how to bring people together.   

business owner, chicago












…i'm just back from facilitating my first meeting and want to tell you how much i value your coaching. your input boosted my confidence and my skill. and i had fun!  your coaching on the phone was the best workshop i never attended!   

consultant, halifax, nova scotia












…my work has more meaning.  the number of connections i made (in two days) would have taken me four months under normal circumstances. now i can help put ideas to work. it is no longer talk. action will be taken. passion has been ignited.   

statewide summit participant












…i tell them michael herman is one of those people you meet once and never forget, the kind of person you have one conversation with and it changes your life.   

vp strategic planning and customer excellence, engineering software












you run a wonderful workshop‚ i had a great experience! learning by doing is always the way to go and this was no exception. i feel pretty confident going into this week's meeting, where i will use what i learned right away.   

director, teaching excellence academy, chicago












i used the concepts immediately, in an innovation session with a product development group. it worked beautifully. they did not come up with any of the common, usual and expected ideas.  they really went beyond the ordinary. so even in small doses, it works!   

internal od consultant, chicago












it worked spectacularly at our division meeting. twenty minutes after the start of day two, four work groups were deep into the work, with unexpected junior individuals standing at flip charts, driving the discussions. a home run!  thanks for all your help and insights.   

vp consulting and executive education, boston












please keep sharing your experiences.  it gives us tremendous energy. i have opened space in all my workshops since the mumbai workshop october and it has really been well received. it has been working wonders... with doctors, nurses and others.   

consultant, mumbai, india










see all unsolicited comments     













quick linkshome
perspective | anything is possible
practices | simple is powerful
results | clarity, energy, impact
experience | inviting and supporting
resources
contact
© 1998-2024 michael herman.  all rights reserved… until you ask.  thanks!

 


recent blog posts


catalyzing research action in exposomics


dare real agile podcast: connecting open space and enterprise scrum


invitation = purpose + choice


seven momentums for team and enterprise development


what to do after open space


rules for ongoing open space


some favorite open space stories


 





















































































































































































