



  

world's greatest shave | leukaemia foundation















































































 home

take partshavecutcolour for schools for workplaces tips & toolsfundraising tipsuseful resourcesfrequently asked questionsdonate hair latesttop fundraisersstories about uswho we areour impactour partners join a team get merch donate sign up










login


 






 

take partshavecutcolour for schools for workplaces tips & toolsfundraising tipsuseful resourcesfrequently asked questionsdonate hair latesttop fundraisersstories about uswho we areour impactour partners join a team get merch donate sign up 














take partshavecutcolour for schools for workplaces tips & toolsfundraising tipsuseful resourcesfrequently asked questionsdonate hair latesttop fundraisersstories about uswho we areour impactour partners join a team get merch  login donate sign up 






 











login





















that’s bloody beautiful























march 2025











take on the world’s greatest shave this march and help fund critical blood cancer support and research.  






































shave your head
our signature dish, and the ultimate bucket list item. experience the buzz of shaving your head in the ultimate act of support.
find out more sign up





































cut your hair
whether it's a pixie cut, bob, or something else, you’ll be a walking, talking billboard for blood cancer support & research.
find out more sign up





































colour your hair
platinum blonde, fiery red or maybe rainbow? your splash of colour will be a beacon of hope for those facing blood cancer.
find out more sign up


























 











































	      53 australians will be diagnosed with blood cancer today. shave, cut or colour to give them life-changing support. 
	

	      53 australians will be diagnosed with blood cancer today. shave, cut or colour to give them life-changing support. 
	

	      53 australians will be diagnosed with blood cancer today. shave, cut or colour to give them life-changing support. 
	
 







































































simply raise your first dollar, and get your free world’s greatest shave welcome pack.











   get your welcome pack including a shave cape today, while stocks last. 











log in to claim











or sign up to get started













































why take part













blood cancer is australia's hidden cancer crisis. today, there are 150,000 families facing blood cancer, and 17 australians will lose their life. every year, thousands of australians step up to shave, cut, or colour their hair and raise funds in support of those affected. 
every dollar helps provide families with the support they need, while powering critical research projects that bring us closer to a blood cancer free future. by joining the world’s greatest shave community today, you’ll help fuel real, tangible change tomorrow.












sign up now









































































































join a community of trailblazers, over 20,000 strong 





















 
























before my shave
























after my shave











natasha











“when they started to shave my head, i felt so empowered. this fundraiser allowed me to lose my hair with my family and closest friends by my side in what was such an emotional and heart-warming day.” 




























 
























before my cut
























after my cut











stef











“after 5 years of growing it, i donated 90cm of [my] hair to be made into a wig. thank you, mum, for giving me the idea. as hard as it was to chop it off, compared to your eleven-year battle, this is the least i could do."




























 
























during my shave
























after my shave











bonnie











“i’m just so happy and grateful to everyone who cheered me on and donated. i wanted to shave my hair off to show [my friend] how amazingly brave she is and that she’s not alone. it was amazing." 











































so far, 4,039 participants are taking part in 2025 and together have raised 











$1,301,710











to further life-saving research and support families facing blood cancer.





















 












































australia unites against blood cancer











have you ever seen a more beautiful sight? check out our community of trailblazers across the country.








































 









































join thousands of australians taking part in the world's greatest shave.














































major partners



























































official partners

























































































2025











that’s bloody beautiful












take on the world’s greatest shave in 2025 or make a donation today to help fund critical blood cancer support and research.























donate











sign up











have an account? log in





























 







































take part

shave
cut
colour



schools

for schools



workplaces

for workplaces



tips & tools

fundraising tips
useful resources
frequently asked questions





latest

top fundraisers
stories



about us

who we are
our impact



merch

get merch



media

media contacts






#worldsgreatestshave








all donations over $2 are tax deductible.





donate
sign up

have an account? log in








need blood cancer support?
we encourage you to find out about the different ways the leukaemia foundation can help by visiting leukaemia.org.au support or calling 1800 620 420 to speak with a blood cancer support coordinator.




fundraising support:

                        phone: 1800 500 088
                        email: wgs@​leukaemia.​org.​au














contact 
1800 620 420 
info@​leukaemia.​org.​au 
                            abn 57 057 493 017
                        



address 
                            leukaemia foundation
                            gpo box 9954
                            brisbane 4001
                        






the leukaemia foundation acknowledges the traditional owners of country throughout australia and recognises their continuing connection to land, sea and community. we pay our respects to their elders past, present and emerging.
learn about our reconciliation action plan
















for workplaces 










© copyright 2024 leukaemia foundation | privacy policy 

















































































