






gow-mac instrument company – custom solutions for gas analysis













































skip to content








usa international headquarters/plant • gow-mac instrument co. 277 brodhead road bethlehem, pa 18017 u.s.a. • (610) 954-9000  • sales@gow-mac.com












search



search			







close



 































 



homeproducts gas chromatographs ppb level analysis temp programmable isothermal academic argon gas gas analyzers total hydrocarbons trace nitrogen trace h2o in argon binary gases portable binary beverage analyzers accessories leak detector data software he purifier h2 separator o2 trap cal blender sample manifoldnewscompany about gow-mac contact info history our teamservices quotes manuals video manuals repair applications










 













versatile, reliable and dependable custom solutions for gas analysis

















featured instrument






gow-mac instrument co. has been, and continues to be, a leading manufacturer of high performance gas analytical instruments engineered for anyone involved with the detection, analysis, and production.











new instrument release: the series 5200 binary gas analyzer




















the series 5200 continuous binary gas analyzer serves a wide range of applications and industries. gow-mac’s field-proven, filament-based thermal conductivity detectors offer unsurpassed sensitivity and stability in an on-line analyzer. the series 5200 analyzer has dual pass configuration and is designed to adapt to your application requirements, including corrosive samples. contact us to discuss the details or your specific requirements.







read more »













view all our instruments »


















gow-mac instrument company






gas analysis solutions since 1935






versatile
our line of gas analysis solutions is extensive. depending on the targeted application, gow-mac gas chromatographs and gas analyzers may use tcd, pid, fid, fpd, hfadd, colorimetric, or electro-optical detection to provide solutions for a wide range of applications.
reliable
since the early days, gcs and gas analyzers bearing the gow-mac name have been produced and shipped to nearly every country worldwide.
dependable
gow-mac instrument co. is committed to providing quality products and services that meet our customer’s specifications. we will meet these objectives by continually improving our management systems and processes.







learn more »
































“for close to 30 years, i have used gow-mac gc’s for the measurement of ppm levels of impurities in gaseous helium. all of the analyzers have been extremely accurate and reliable.the few times that i have required technical help, the assistance has been timely and helpful. i highly recommend gow-mac analyzers for this application.”herb r. - iacx energy 

“gow-mac is the first company i think of any and all of my specialty gas analysis or detection needs!”bruce h. – minneapolis oxygen 

"it has been my experience that gow-mac maintains the availability of their repair parts much longer than most gc manufacturers. this is a huge benefit to organizations that have a very limited budget for equipment replacement."phil b - california state university 
































series 5900 did special




























contact gow-mac






fill out the form below or call us at one of our offices. we’re looking forward to working with you.










  

your name
please enter your name.



your email
please enter a valid email.



your message
please enter a message.




send


message failed. please try again.

 thanks for your contacting gow-mac! we’ll be in touch soon.








or call us to talk real-time about your instrument needs
telephone: 610-954-9000
email: sales@gow-mac.com









 


























gow-mac instrument co.
headquarters/ manufacturing plant
277 brodhead road, bethlehem, pa 18017
tel: 610-954-9000 fax: 610-954-0599
email: sales@gow-mac.com












































quick links






instruments
services
our company
contact us

















© 2025 gow-mac instrument company. all rights reserved.









site designed & maintained by:























 












