



  



wisconsin real estate investors | wisconsin apartment association | statewide association of real estate investors and landlords - waa online























member login 



























(920) 230-9221 



wisconsin apartment association
						connecting the rental community ... right next door and across the state.
					









menu


homeaboutaboutwho we areby-lawscode of ethicsmissionwaa historyjoinjoinwhy join?join nowindividual state membershipbusiness "associate" membershipgroup "affiliate" membershipnew member referral bonusfind a localfind a localmap of local landlord groupslist of wrei-affiliated associationsbusiness associatesbusiness associatesassociate directorybecome a business associatemembersmemberslandlord help line/faqapartment listingslibraryconference informationwebinars & videoseducation & eventsformsnewsletters & archivesresourcesresourcesforming a new landlord associationadvertising infoadvertising infoadvertise in waa news magazineadvertise income properties for saleadvertise apartments for renthelpful linkshelpful linksbusiness relatedlandlord/tenant guidancelegal affairsstate politicsupdatesupdateslegal affairslegislative affairscontactcontactboard of directorsgeneral contact 






















welcome to the wisconsin real estate investors, formerly the wisconsin apartment association


educate. network. inform.
the wisconsin real estate investors (wrei), formerly the wisconsin apartment association (waa), is dedicated to providing opportunities for education and networking for any real estate investor who focuses on buy and hold properties whether you call yourself a landlord, rent short-term to vacationers or mid-term workers, are a flipper, have storage units, or include mobile homes in your portfolio, we welcome you to our organization.

educate. one of our missions is to provide the public and members with educational opportunities. from state law to best practices, and the logistics of being a real estate investor we offer diverse educational opportunities. we hold in-person and online educational events.

network. in addition to the education, we believe in offering real estate investors the opportunity to connect and build relationships. our semi-annual conferences allow you to mingle with people from across the state of wisconsin. we also have local organizations spread out across wisconsin that provide consistent direct networking with local vendors and other investors.

inform. the role we take most seriously is our role as the voice of rental investors in wisconsin at the state capital. our lobbyist ensures that our voices are heard by your legislators when bills are proposed that affect out industry. we also make sure to inform our membership of any pending bills and ones that have passed that affect us. you can check out the latest information on legislative and legal issues under the "updates" drop down above.

becoming a wrei member gets you amazing discounts on education, rental forms, as well additional discounts from many of our vendors. it also ensures you stay up to date on any changes that affect your industry.

join the wisconsin real estate investors today!
ready to join the wisconsin real estate investors?
click here!
donate to help us lobby for fair rental housing laws for all!
scan the qr code






 
 





blogs & discussions
			blog policy







12/15/2020
screening criteria is your best defense


during an economic crisis, your screening criteria is your best defense!








07/16/2020
real estate tech trends you need to know


it's important to keep up to date with trends in your industry, even if it may be feasible to implement them it can be an indication of what the norm might be down the road. i'll start off covering 3 things that are becoming the norm in rental industry that used to be trends. then i'll finish off with 2 tech trends that may not be on your radar and are being utilized by some trendsetters.








05/21/2020
navigating security deposits


guest blogger and licensed wisconsin real estate broker kim schmitt delves in to security deposit's. how much should you charge, what can you withhold, and more. 









 





 





 





 





 





 













 

home
login
store
contact us

						
							wisconsin apartment association - po box 2922 oshkosh, wi 54903    
							phone: (920) 230‑9221
							    
							email: admin@waaonline.org
website development by webteam, inc.







