




taylor mckessie's journal





































































































































?

?









































































































































                                    





























































































































































livejournal






find more


communities


rss reader




shop









                                help
                            







                                    search
                                









                                    log in



























log in




                                        join free
                                    

                                        join
                                    







                                          english
                                        
                                        (en)
                                

english (en)

русский (ru)

українська (uk)

français (fr)

português (pt)

español (es)

deutsch (de)

italiano (it)

беларуская (be)













































dance_and_sing
—














< no suspend reason >









readability




















                    more
                














dance_and_sing







                                archive
                            



                                photos
                            



                                video
                            





readability






























log in


no account?
create an account








































remember me



                                forgot password
                            




                        log in
                        














log in









qr code

























































no account?

                    create an account
                
by logging in to livejournal using a third-party service you accept livejournal's user agreement













taylor mckessie's journal




> recent entries
> calendar
> friends
> profile
> previous 20 entries














friday, may 19th, 2006

10:22 pm



its been forever since i updated on this. i been so swamped but i think everyone has, i had 4 tests in one day and the scholastic stuff and then i'm going shopping for zekes birthday...i don't know what i want to get him yet...any ideas? but yea. i'm so tired and i been going to the doctors for my leg and see how its healing...it should be healed by next week or so...finally. i want to go swimming so bad its getting really warm outside and i can't go swimming. ugh, well time for me to find something to do....~tay



(19 comments | comment on this)


wednesday, april 12th, 2006

3:15 pm - thinking spring



yay so spring break starts so soon yet so far away. right now i'm thinking about spring break and chad of course. i think we should have a crazy spring break party at my house! my mom already said it was ok and our pool is installed and working. i haven't been able to go swimming yet. i am out of my wheelchair and on crutches which are annoying i almost fell over trying to get through my room. i haven't been able to clean it. also i went in for x-rays today and my ribs are healing good and so is my leg. its going a lot faster than they thought it would. they told me to take it easy and they said i might get my cast off before spring break! yay! i love spring.
current mood:  cheerful


(4 comments | comment on this)


wednesday, april 5th, 2006

5:11 pm



today was rather...intresting. i couldn't reach the top of my locker and when i think all hope is lost of getting anything off that top shelf chad came and got my things. how sweet huh? anyways alot of the cheerleaders were talking about me behind my back. i heard them, i crippled not deaf! but i am so swamped with homework. i got at least a chapter of trig homework to catch up on. all of romeo and juilet to read, make up 3 labs in advance bio and chemistry. do a 5 page history report on egypt, and if thats not enough learn almost a whole chapter of spanish. well thats all i got left for now...leave me a message please!~tay
current mood:  working


(20 comments | comment on this)


monday, april 3rd, 2006

4:15 pm - yay!!!!



finally i get to go back to school, yea so what if i'm in my wheelchair, i will run over anyone who gets in my way. hopefully no damn cheerleaders give me any trouble tommorrow. mostlikely they will because for them its like a rule that all the male jocks has to be dating a cheerleader or something. i think their mind has missed the memo that troy, chad and zeke and jason all like girls who are anti-cheerleader. i mean honestly i want to smack them if i hear another thing about how chad should dump me and date one of the blonde overexposed barbie dolls who no one even likes. i heard about that in the bathroom at the championship after party. well thats my venting on cheerleaders and school for me tommorrow! yay!~tay
current mood:  excited


(5 comments | comment on this)


saturday, march 25th, 2006

2:01 pm - llama llama duck lyrics



here's a llamathere's a llamaand another little llamafuzzy llamafunny llamallama llamaduckllama llamacheesecakellamatabletbrickpotatollamallama llamamushroomllamallama llamaducki was once a treehousei lived in a cakebut i never saw the waythe orange slayed the rakei was only three years deadbut it told a taleand now listen, little childto the safety raildid you ever see a llamakiss a llamaon the llamallama's llamatastes of llamallama llamaduckhalf a llamatwice the llamanot a llamafarmerllamallama in a caralarm a llamallamaduckis this how it's told now?is it all so old?is it made of lemon juice?doorknobanklecoldnow my song is getting thini've run out of lucktime for me to retire nowand become a duckits a song that i watched on dumbvideos.com its really funny. see what happens when i get bored?



(2 comments | comment on this)




11:37 am - i'm home



yay the doctors said i could go home...so here i am, home sweet home! i love it here. gabby visited me in the hospital before i left there and i'm not on so much medication. so my mom is making me some food. i'm stuck in a wheel chair for a while...not sure how long though, luckly we don't have stairs though at my house.~taylor
current mood:  happy


(5 comments | comment on this)


wednesday, march 22nd, 2006

11:10 pm - condition update



wow i haven't updated in a while...mostly because of how drugged up i have been from the pain killers. i got surgery on my ribs and that went fine, i also got a boot cast thing on my leg where i can walk on it but they don't want me to walk on it for a while...not sure how long though. but it seems like crutchs or a wheelchair for me for a while. i'm really happy that everyone came to visit me in the hospital, and the doctors say i will be able to go home in a couple of days...by sunday maybe? i hope so, i hate hospital food it tastes werid and they only get like 20 channels and most of the time soaps are on and i hate soaps. ugh i'm tired and its time for my medicine again... *sigh*
current mood:  content


(4 comments | comment on this)


wednesday, march 15th, 2006

4:29 pm - this is taylor



hi everyone, i'm still in the hospital. my mom finally let me update on my own with my laptop. i finally am breathing on my own again which is nice but my ribs are hurting so they gave me pain killers for that. my legs hurt also if i move them so i am tring not to right now. please come and visit me, i don't like sitting in the hospital with just my family, and their is nothing on t.v. and i watched the same movie almost 15 times already.
current mood:  groggy


(7 comments | comment on this)


sunday, march 12th, 2006

11:43 am - taylors mom again



i know some of you want to know how taylor is doing. she is finally breathing on her own, but the doctors said she had went into a semi-comma where at times she will respond and others she will not. she had opened her eyes a couple of times when she talks to me. she told me this morning that she wants to see gabriella and chad the most but everyone can come and visit her. she wants to have her laptop but i won't let her until she is no longer in a comma and is feeling better and not so drugged up.
current mood:  exhausted


(2 comments | comment on this)


friday, march 10th, 2006

4:24 pm - this is taylor's mom



this taylor's mom and she asked me to update for her. well something happened to taylor, she is currently in the hospital in critial condition. she was walking home from school when she had a asthma attack and she couldn't breath. she was walking across the road when a man lost control over his car and slammed into taylor. she isn't breathing on her own and she has some broken ribs, and a broken leg. she is currently responsive to people for now. they don't know how extensive the damage is on her. they have to run some tests to actually know how badly she is and all that. but she is in critical condition. i'm sure she would like some visitors.
current mood:  sad


(3 comments | comment on this)


saturday, february 25th, 2006

12:07 pm - the afterparty



i wore what i had wore to the game. the afterparty kicked ass. somehow i got sucked into a dance off between the whole school. i actually won, but it was really fun, it was something i had never done. but i had always took hip hop lessons since i was little. i ended up braiding my hair really quickly but in rows. at least half of my hair the other half was in a pony tail. i talked to ryan, chad, gabriella and troy mostly. i talked to alot of people but it was awesome. i can't stop dancing, even though my feet hurt so bad.
current mood:  exhausted


(comment on this)




9:23 am - ooc post



ok i so need a icon of where chad grabs taylor at the end of the movie...anyone know well anyone would would make one for me?



(comment on this)


friday, february 24th, 2006

5:17 pm - we're all in this together



hey the afterparty starts soon and narrowed my outfit choice to 2 different ones. i am not sure if i want to wear what i had on at the game (choice a). or wear something more....party like...its a pair of jeans which i call 'my rockstar jeans' which have beaded stars all over and its really cool and then a brown top that is sparkly and in funky words says 'lets ride'....i need help!~taylor
current mood:  excited


(comment on this)


thursday, february 23rd, 2006

6:50 am - quick update



well we all won our own championship, which was cool i went with gabs to the basketball championship...well the very end of it. and then i was running toward someone when chad grabbed me and asked me to go with him to the afterparty! i mean thee chad danforth asking me the brainiac now it all who said he couldn't probally can't count as high as 15. but why did he? i have no idea but i'm glad he did! anyways got to go get ready for the afterparty...i dunno if i wanna wear this or something else.~taylor
current mood:  happy


(6 comments | comment on this)


wednesday, february 15th, 2006

5:49 pm - wow...this should be...interesting



anyway i just found out from ryan's journal that the callbacks are friday, instead of thursday! which just so happens to be the exact same day as the scholastic decaltholan and the championship basketball game. which seems really odd, don't you think? i fear things just got alot more complicated at school....ugh!~taylorp.s. is it just me or do i smell a....rat....or two...hmmm well gotta go!
current mood:  confused


(4 comments | comment on this)


tuesday, february 14th, 2006

8:02 pm - happy valentines day



well its valentines day once again. i didn't get anything from anyone but its ok, its not like valentines day is very important to me. i got the scholastic decathalon and everything so its all good. i am glad that gabriella is happy again, its nice to have my friend back. she has been really helpful to solving some of the problems even i had a hard time solving. anyways got to finish that powerpoint, its almost done so i am so happy about that. that and scholastic decathalon has been driving me crazy! happy valentines day everyone, even if you don't have a valentine like me its all good, because you never know someone might want to be your valentine but is to 'scared' to ask you. but for those who know who deserve valentines like friends and what not (they know who they are). lots of love to those who deserve it.~taylor
current mood:  working


(2 comments | comment on this)


monday, february 13th, 2006

5:17 pm - its been a while,



hey again everyone its me, its been awhile since i updated, gabriella just called me and told me everything...and she sounded really happy. i am happy that even dispite what me and chad did, that gabriella and troy are now talking again. it makes me....all bubbly and warm inside. well i got a powerpoint thats due in two weeks and i haven't even started it, i know i like to get things done as soon as possible. that way i can relax for the rest of the time. anyways i gotta go, lots of love to those who deserve it.~taylor
current mood:  happy


(comment on this)


thursday, february 9th, 2006

6:34 am



i feel horrible about the whole thing. so i confessed to gabriella about mine and chad's plan yet she didn't beleive us i don't think. i honestly hope that gabriella doesn't hate me for it, because...nevermind. i just hope troy can talk to gabriella again, because she seemed really upset when she wasn't talking to him. anyways i got homework so bye.~taylor.
current mood:  embarrassed


(comment on this)


saturday, february 4th, 2006

3:49 pm - worried



well i told the scholastic decathalon team what we were going to do. i told gabriella to meet me in the lab and she did and we told her how basketball players like troy just end up over payed and didn't do much for society. then we told her how the path of the mind the path we were on, lead us to amazing people and our side was the future of humankind. then the video came and parently chad didn't mess it up. i think it convinced gabriella well enough. but i think that me and chad just made things a whole lot worse. i guess i got to see how it plays out for a while, i hope their not mad at us.~taylor
current mood:  guilty


(4 comments | comment on this)


friday, february 3rd, 2006

6:01 pm



the school is going wack. people are doing stuff that isn't 'their' stuff. now that i think about it, maybe its time i shared something that i always hid....i....can't share it....just not yet. its just not the right time...but still i got to worry about the scholastic decatholan and not nothing else. but today something else popped in my mind that i can not ignore. i really really wish gabriella would join the scholastic decatholan team because we could really use her help this year. hmmm i need to think some things through. what to do, what to do....that wasn't the only thing that came into my mind though but the other one i will keep to my self. for i do not know who reads my journal, then again who would want to read a journal of a brainiac anyways well besides another brainiac.~taylor



(7 comments | comment on this)














> previous 20 entries

> top of page





livejournal.com
































