













stonehorseref | the official reference site for peter stone models







      skip to main content
    







anonymous menu



show — anonymous menu
hide — anonymous menu


models for sale


become a member


log in












stonehorseref

the official reference site for peter stone models





menu



show — menu
hide — menu


search


mold reference


latest releases


contact



















the official reference site for peter stone models
     in operation since 2001
(not affiliated with the peter stone company)














the official reference site for peter stone models











over 34,000 models
the stonehorseref database contains over 34,000 peter stone model horses with detailed information like size, mold, color, model number, artist and a lot more information with high quality pictures.







advanced search system
you can search models using advanced search system, which provides various search filters and options.





your own 'in search of' list
build a tailored list of models you are in search of using data directly from the reference website.







your own 'private collection' list
create your own 'private collection' using data directly from shr. this includes notes that you can maintain yourself!





your own 'horse showing' list
create your own personal show string list using data directly from shr and the ability to add tailored information such as horse name, breed, and gender.







pdf and csv exports
you can easily print or export model details and your lists in pdf and excel formats and give your friends and loved ones access to your lists!





list your own models for sale
you can add your own models to 'models for sale' page and have people contact you directly to purchase that model!








featured horse models



 

unakite: warmblood - eq 2008 t-shirt modelmold: warmbloodsize: traditionalartist: unknownthis is part of the unakite themed precious stones. the precious stone series consists of…
 

red jasper: arabian foal - eq 2017 t-shirt modelmold: arabian foalsize: traditionalartist: unknownred jasper arabian foal - ooak t-shirt model, arabian foal, red jasper, precious stone. 

 

pink jasper: arabian stallion - pintomold: arabian - originalsize: traditionalartist: unknowncustom arabian with pinned ears and windswept tail. done in the pink jasper color for…
 

charoite: weanling - eq 2004 t-shirt modelmold: weanlingsize: traditionalartist: unknownthis is part of the charoite themed precious stones. the precious stone series consists of…
 

blue lace agate: performance horse - eq 2001 t-shirt modelmold: performance horsesize: traditionalartist: unknownblue lace agate performance horse - one of the t-shirt models from equilocity 2001. two of…
 

mini me indikator - glossymold: chips arabiansize: chipsartist: unknownpictured with the tradition arabian indikator: http://www.stonehorseref.com/node/12922.&…




















popular artists



amanda hostetler #18
laurie jo jensen
allen katt #33
sheila bishop
kate schick






popular colors



appaloosa - black
bloody shoulder/mark
decorator - black/grey/silver
paint/pinto - black
pewter/metal






popular molds



pony
trotting drafter
marwari/kathiawari
chips pony
andalusian/iberian








stonehorseref
home about us contact us search horses how to search
how to pay





copyright © 2001-2025 stonehorseref. all rights reserved.





design & developed by webmastershark.














