



the name's kong - everything about king kong online




























monday, december 18, 2006



	 
	 for christmas: king kong deluxe extended edition & deluxe extended limited edition
	 
    


dvd collectors and fans of oscar® winning filmmaker peter jackson's awe-inspiring masterpiece king kong will be treated to a whole new thrilling movie experience when king kong: deluxe extended edition comes to dvd on november 14, 2006 from universal studios home entertainment. this definitive three-disc version of jackson's groundbreaking action-adventure film includes over 13 additional mind-blowing minutes of king kong's astounding visual effects and exhilarating action. for the first time anywhere, audiences can view both the extended version of the film and the extensive all-new bonus features documenting the imagination and passion behind its making in one must-own set. in addition, the multi-disc dvd is also available in an extraordinary king kong: deluxe extended limited edition dvd gift set that includes specially designed collectable packaging. a beautifully crafted king kong figurine, created exclusively for the package by the oscar®-winning artists at weta workshop and weta digital, the company responsible for the film's creature design, special makeups, miniatures and dazzling visual effects, accompanies the gift set. it's the ultimate set for the ultimate king kong fan.



posted by volatto at 10:49 am
0 comments






saturday, december 16, 2006



	 
	 king kong!!!! in 30-second-bunnies style
	 
    


this is a must see for any king kong fan in the entire world.this the movie reenacted by bunnies in 30 seconds.  it is a flash animation, and well the title is pretty self explanatory so i will not try to get into details as it will be useless.  however i will leave the link to this fun piece of animation. and also check the links below the flash panel, because there are other 30 second movies to watch.enjoy! king kong (1933) in 30 seconds, re-enacted by bunnies. 



posted by volatto at 7:53 pm
0 comments






tuesday, july 04, 2006



	 
	 baby boy for king kong star black
	 
    


 speaking at the los angeles premiere of his new comedy nacho libre earlier this week, the 36-year-old said he intended to be "the best daddy on the planet".  "i've got the babe back home safe and sound," he told the access hollywood tv programme. "i'm anxious to get back."  black and haden, the daughter of jazz musician charlie haden, wed in march. the baby's name was not disclosed.



posted by volatto at 7:40 pm
0 comments






thursday, june 22, 2006



	 
	 king kong vs godzilla toy
	 
    


i've seen many of you are looking for a king kong vs godzilla toy.well, trying to provide the info you're looking for regarding our beloved ape, i've been looking on the net but found no trace of this king kong vs godzilla toy.so... if anyone has knowledge or even better a picture of this myterious toy, please send it in.you'l be helping a lot of king kong fans looking for this king kong vs godzilla toy. :danyway, i won't leave you empty handed, at least i can post the poster. cya!technorati tags:king kong, ape, toys, godzilla, dolls



posted by volatto at 7:59 am
1 comments






monday, june 12, 2006



	 
	 test
	 
    


cruises travelworld cruisesfind more here about cruises around the world.  cruise travel online.



posted by volatto at 11:12 pm
0 comments






wednesday, may 17, 2006



	 
	 king kong videogames
	 
    


the film character was the inspiration for the 1981 video game donkey kong and subsequent spin-offs, in which the eponymous ape climbs a huge structure after kidnapping a woman, as in the film. shigeru miyamoto intended the name 'donkey kong' to mean "stubborn gorilla." mca/universal attempted to sue nintendo for copyright infringement in universal city studios, inc. v. nintendo co., ltd.. however, they lost and ended up paying nintendo $1.8 million in damages when it was discovered that king kong was in fact in the public domain and that mca knew it when they filed the lawsuit.a king kong game was produced by tiger games for the atari 2600, sporting a blue casing. the game is somewhat rare.the rampage games by atari/midway also feature a king kong spoof, named george, as well as a godzilla spoof and other monsters.king kong 2: ikari no megaton punch is a famicom action/adventure games very loosely based on the 1986 movie king kong lives. this game was developed by konami and it disregarded the human characters and other plot elements of the movie. king kong was presented in a quest to save his female counterpart from the clutches of gigantic robots.there is human counterpart game of ikari no megaton punch for the msx computer named king kong 2, also by konami.king kong makes a special appearance as a playable character in konami wai wai world (also known as konami world). interestingly, king kong does not appear in his usual giant size but rather as a 10 foot tall gorilla. the story of the game mentions king kong being shrunk down in size after being captured by an army of robots, which directly relates to the game king kong 2: ikari no megaton punch     kong fighting a v-rex in the 2005 video game.   war of the monsters is a 3d fighting game developed by incognito entertainment for sony playstation 2 where the characters are various giant monsters inspired by films. one of the monsters is a giant ape named congar, an obvious king kong homage. it also features a godzilla homage called togera. a bonus mode will all also unlock a secret character named metal congar, an obvious reference to mechani-kong.in capcom's 1989 arcade classic strider, a 'giant robot ape' confronts the game's hero, strider hiryu as a mini-boss; an obvious reference to both kong and mechani-kong. he appears during the siberian wilderness stage (level 2).the ending to the video game viewtiful joe shows parodies of famous movie posters. one is a king kong parody, which includes hulk davidson (one of the game's bosses) on top of the empire state building.a game for the game boy advance was released based on kong: the animated series.peter jackson's king kong is a multi-platform video game based on the 2005 film developed and published by ubisoft.there is a king kong pinball game [5]



posted by volatto at 1:46 pm
0 comments






friday, may 12, 2006



	 
	 king kong on books
	 
    


a novelization of the original film was published in december 1932, as part of the film's advance marketing. the novel was credited to edgar wallace and merian c. cooper, although it was in fact written by delos w. lovelace. apparently cooper was the key creative influence. in an interview, comic book author joe devito explains:    "from what i know, edgar wallace, a famous writer of the time, died very early in the process. little if anything of his ever appeared in the final story, but his name was retained for its saleability ... king kong was cooper’s creation, a fantasy manifestation of his real life adventures. as many have mentioned before, cooper was carl denham. his actual exploits rival anything indiana jones ever did in the movies." [1]this conclusion about wallace's contribution agrees with the making of king kong, by orville goldner and george e. turner (1975). in a diary entry from 1932, wallace wrote: "i am doing a super-horror story with merian cooper, but the truth is it is much more his story than mine ... i shall get much more credit out of the picture than i deserve if it is a success, but as i shall be blamed by the public if it's a failure, that seems fair" (p. 58). wallace died of pneumonia complicated by diabetes on february 10, 1932, and cooper later said, "actually, edgar wallace didn't write any of kong, not one bloody word... i'd promised him credit and so i gave it to him" (p. 59).several differences exist in the novel from the completed film, as it reflects an earlier draft of the script that became the final shooting script. the novelization includes scenes from the screenplay that were cut from the completed movie, or were never shot altogether. these include the spider pit sequence, as well as a styracosaurus attack, and kong battling three triceratops.the original publisher was grosset & dunlap. paperback editions by bantam (u.s.) and corgi (u.k.) came out in the 1960s, and it has since been republished by penguin and random house.in 1933, mystery magazine published a king kong serial under the named of walter f. ripperger. this is unrelated to the 1932 novel.kong: king of skull island, an illustrated novel labeled as an authorized sequel to king kong (1933), was published in 2004 by dh press, a subsidiary of dark horse comics. a large-paperback edition was released in 2005. authorized by the family and estate of merian c. cooper, the book was created & illustrated by joe devito, written by brad strickland with john michlig, and includes an introduction by ray harryhausen. the novel's story ignores the existence of son of kong (1933) and continues the story of skull island with carl denham and jack driscoll in the late 1950's, through the novel's central character, vincent denham. (ann darrow is not included, but mentioned several times.) the novel also becomes a prequel that reveals the story of the early history of kong, of skull island, and of the natives of the island.over the decades, there have been numerous comic book adaptations of the 1933 king kong by various comic-book publishers, and a current one of the 2005-remake by dark horse comics.



posted by volatto at 8:42 am
0 comments










links

one player
best cruises
yoga
scented candles
pencil drawing madness
superman booth
koolio reviews
stray dog




previous posts

for christmas: king kong deluxe extended edition &...
king kong!!!! in 30-second-bunnies style
baby boy for king kong star black
king kong vs godzilla toy
test
king kong videogames
king kong on books
what movies did king kong stared in???
weird link 4 today: king kong saves the titanic
batman, king kong, bsg top saturns

archives

october 2005
november 2005
december 2005
january 2006
march 2006
april 2006
may 2006
june 2006
july 2006
december 2006





 








 



