







hacos | chocolate machines for every industry

































en  •
                                
                                
                                
                                fr  •
                                
                                
                                
                                nl


















hacos


chocolate machinery


about us


team


news


contact


















chocolate machines  for every industry
        
hacos is one of the leading manufacturers of chocolate machines worldwide. we design, produce and install high-quality chocolate manufacturing machines for every size of industry. a team of 105 enthusiastic people, a wide product range, many years of experience, a unique service and the right know-how make hacos the ideal go-to supplier for your business. hacos helps every chocolatier, large or small, to develop and grow.






8 reasons why





from chocolate block to refined end product 



for artisanal and industrial products



belgian quality 



developed and made in belgium



delivery and installation worldwide



tailormade solutions



in-house know-how & high degree of flexibility  



more than 65 years of experience! 








hacos builds chocolate machines for the following brands






















unique service 


high-quality products come with high-quality service and that's exactly what hacos offers you. that means our chocolate manufacturing machines grow with your business seamlessly. from automation of production processes to simple expansion of your chocolate machine. at hacos you can be sure of a high degree of flexibility, allowing you to work cost efficiently. our experienced technicians are the cherry on the (chocolate) cake. they are available to provide assistance whenever you need it, either online from a remote location or on site.
want to find out more?


click here










countries




enthusiastic employees




tonnes of chocolate annually processed on hacos machines




hacos machines worldwide




kilometres per year for installations













exhibitions






published on  september 25, 2024
prosweets 2025
visit us in cologne from february 2nd up to february 5th, 2025
you can find us...

read more




published on  september 25, 2024
iba 2025
visit us in iba 2025 in düsseldorf from may 18th up to the 22nd, 2025

you...

read more




news






published on  may 31, 2024
cleaning the new generation hacos ebelt
our newest ebelt cooling belts have become even easier to cleanyou can simply open the...

read more




published on  october 19, 2023
robotic technology for chocolates and baked goods
hacos has developped several robotic solutions for the chocolate industry. new this year is the...

read more




published on  december 16, 2022
new mobile enrobing belt for industrial enrobers
it existed already for artisan machines, but now it is available on large industrial machines:...

read more








contact us
for more information, fill out our contact form














hacos nv
industrieweg 11
                    
                    
                        2390 malle (belgium)
                    
                

privacy statement




t +32 3 311 70 80 
                    
                    
                        info@hacos.com














subscribe to our newsletter
* indicates required

email address  *





 















