














home - spri


































































 






781-647-7026
info@spri.org



rss


  





rss




faq
spri standard development workspace
members only

spri members file sharing area


member directory
contact
  
 
 










about us
standards

ansi/spri standards
ansi/spri standards development process


resources & education

spri resources

wind design calculator


continuing education
other resources
dora (directory of roof assemblies)


news & events

press releases
articles
upcoming spri events
upcoming industry events


spri blog


about directory of roof assemblies


 


select page


  
 



 



 





















we are the authoritysince 1981, spri has been the leading authority on the single-ply roofing industry.
learn more about spri








your source for informationspri is your source of balanced, scientific information on single-ply roofing systems.
 see our latest








we guide code developmentspri’s research on the installation and performance of roofing systems guides building code development.
see how we set the standard









doradora, a comprehensive, easy-to-use listing service database for consultants, specifiers, and architects is now live.
your search just got easier











spri is your home for commercial roofing industry information. here, you can browse through our resource documents, keep up with our events, search for members and learn more about spri ansi standards.





 spri is always looking for ways to improve the quality of education on the industry. 








 proactively advance technology 






 intervene and impact code and testing issues 






 accurate data: energy savings, recycling + sustainability issues 








 resolve technical issues 






 monitor legislative and regulatory issues 



view resources














we improve the industryspri standards promote better roof performance.
standards & technical reports










what they are saying

j&p roof installationsit was really beneficial getting to know the team during the project. getting help from others members, who have had similar challenges,
made the project flow smoother than i could have envisioned!robert j. millhousecontractor, j&p roof installationsjeffrey steubenspri has long been an active contributor to the cool roof rating council, helping shape the crrc’s technical standards and program policies on
behalf of the single-ply industry.jeffrey steubencool roof rating councilbraun & steidl architectsthank you for your response.  it is unusual for someone in a large organization to get back with us in such a swift and thorough manner, if at all.  i appreciate the follow-up.dave wyattbraun & steidl architects










we enable every memberspri’s membership includes companies from all aspects of the single-ply roofing industry dedicated to improving the industry through cooperation.
view members directory










our recent stories
share in our membership thinking and stories.











2025 spri conference recap

spri 2025 annual conference recap the 43rd annual spri conference and business meeting held january 17-19, 2025, was an incredible gathering of roofing and manufacturing industry leaders. this year’s theme, "where intelligence is power," perfectly captured the...
read more




highlights from the spri wind design seminar 2024

the spri wind design seminar provided an invaluable opportunity for members of the roofing industry to deepen their understanding of roofing assemblies, wind-related standards, and critical design principles. with engaging presentations led by industry experts, this...
read more




ansi/spri/fm adt-1: test standard for evaluation of roofing adhesive and board stock in tensile loading for low slope roofing systems – what you need to know

on september 30, 2024, ansi approved an updated version of the test standard "ansi/spri/fm adt-1: test standard for evaluation of roofing adhesive and board stock in tensile loading for low slope roofing systems". this standard is designed for use by roof system...
read more




spri wind design seminar for experienced and new roof designers six hour session to offer aia and iibec continuing education credits

it’s been estimated that up to 60% of reported damage to commercial roofs is due to high winds. it is therefore critical to understand how wind impacts the roof, and how to design to protect the facility. with this in mind spri will host a six-hour wind design seminar...
read more




roofing day 2024 recap in washington dc: a successful advocacy event for the roofing industry

roofing day 2024 in washington dc was a significant event for the roofing industry, bringing together professionals to advocate for critical legislative issues. this year, we saw an impressive turnout of single ply roofing industry (spri) members and member companies,...
read more




meet spri president, scott carpenter

the single ply roofing industry (spri) is pleased to introduce scott carpenter as president for the next two years (2024-2025). with a 40-year track record in the roofing industry, scott is no stranger to spri. he’s been involved with the organization for over 20...
read more







 

 








our recent stories


2025 spri conference recap
february 5, 2025


highlights from the spri wind design seminar 2024
december 16, 2024


ansi/spri/fm adt-1: test standard for evaluation of roofing adhesive and board stock in tensile loading for low slope roofing systems – what you need to know
october 24, 2024


sign-inmembers only
spri standards workspace
events click here to view the latest spri and industry news & events.
click here to view the latest blog posts.

contact spri60 hickory drive suite 6100 waltham, ma 02451 781-647-7026 781-647-7222 info@spri.org contact us
 






rss


 © 2025 spri | design by massmonopoly with implementation and hosting by ashdown technologies.
 

 
 
 














































