
welcome to chicago foreclosure reports















to our customers:law bulletin publishing company is no longer providing foreclosure information through this website.  
we appreciate your past business and encourage you to look at two of our other products, accessplus® and the chicago daily law bulletin, for your public records information needs.  you can also contact our public records division at (847) 947-4021.












		© #year(now())# 	by law bulletin publishing company. content on this site is 
			protected by the copyright laws of the united states. the copyright laws 
			prohibit any copying, redistributing, or retransmitting of any copyright-protected material. 
		







the chicago foreclosure reporttm contains detailed listings of all new mortgage foreclosure lawsuits in both the circuit court of cook county and the u.s. district court for the northern  district of illinois. we research, compile and key all mortgage foreclosure suits in cook county.
		

we are the primary source for all cook county foreclosures, which means you get the most timely and accurate foreclosure information available for cook county. the information includes: all residential, multi-family, industrial, commercial and vacant properties in cook county. see a
 sample of our foreclosure listing!
		





sign up for our
			7 day free online trial  by calling 312.644-4602








			 
		









						foreclosure seminar
					








						property search
					






	verify the homeowner
					
	property characteristics, tax and  mortgage information
					



					 
				





						foreclosure search
					






	determine if property is in foreclosure - provide an address
					
	discover auction date and time
					





					 
				





						suits, liens & judgments
					






	receive information on suits, liens & judgments
							against homeowners/property
					



					 
				

					 
				





home
  |
  member login			  |
  faq's			  |
  customer support			  |
  subscribe now			  |
  sample report
  |
  law bulletin







		©
			
				#year(now())#
			
			by law bulletin publishing company. content on this site is 
			protected by the copyright laws of the united states. the copyright laws 
			prohibit any copying, redistributing, or retransmitting of any copyright-protected material. please email any questions or comments to:
			
foreclosure@lbpc.com






