macscan 3 mac malware removal for macos apple anti-malware security & privacy app         
products
macscan 3
privacyscan

support
contact support
check a request
knowledge base
downloads
family pack upgrade

resources
what is malware?
malware database
the securemac vpn guide
understanding cryptocurrency and cryptojackingthe checklist podcast

company
company press
about us
careers
contact
partners
press kit
submission policy
privacy policy

news

macworld
maclife magazine


number of computers:

1

3years of protection:

1

2$49.99
buy now
upgrade | free trial


mac malware removal with macscan 3mac malware removal is essential these days. malware authors are targeting macos with increasing frequency and, although there’s more mac malware activity now than ever before, many users are still unprotected against these threats. macscan protects your mac from malware, scanning and removing it for much-needed security and privacy.full product details
 | 
 
system requirements
macscan subscription includes
protection against malware threats
internet clutter cleanup
automatic tracking cookie removal
malware definition updates
scheduled scanning
security advisory notifications
knowledge base access
online tech supportsystem requirements
macos 10.9 or higher
macintosh computer with a 64-bit processor
500 mb of available disk space
active internet connection for malware definition updates
×debunking mac malware myths: facts from the mac security expertsdetect & remove mac malwaremacscan will find and clean malware threatening your mac, including:
trojan horses
keystroke loggers
spyware
adware
worms
scareware
stalkerwareclean up internet cluttermacscan can seek out and destroy privacy threats such as blocklisted tracking cookies, leaving the rest of your browsing data in place, or free up valuable hard drive space by locating and removing unnecessary files left behind by web browsers. all of this is in addition to removing malware threats.new malware scannerbuilt from the ground up to combat the latest malware threats, the new scan engine offers faster detection and stronger protection for your mac.

smart scan will scan for malware and spyware present in specific locations known to contain security and privacy threats.


scheduled scans pick a convenient time, and macscan will automatically scan for malware, alerting you the minute it encounters a threat to your system and security.


multiple scan modes provide a custom tailored solution to fit your security needs.

previous slide
first slide details.current slide
second slide details.
third slide details.
next slide
easy to use. easy to understand.an easy-to-use interface provides complete control over malware scans, featuring drag-and-drop scanning, a customizable cookie blocklist and allowlist, logs of previous scan results and activity, and more.
notification centerensuring you’re all up-to-date has never been easier.

schedule your scansschedule your malware scans when you are away!

helpan in-depth user guide, manual and support is only 1-click away
give it a test drive. try it for free.
download macscan 3 trialdid you purchase macscan 


yes



no







purchase macscannumber of computers:

1

3years of protection:

1

2$49.99
buy now   get the latest security news and deals

email address  *


 
 

×


products
macscan
privacyscan
resources
security news
what is malware?
malware definitions
the checklist podcast


support
contact support
check a request
knowledge base
downloads
family-pack upgrade
macscan 3 upgrade


company
press
careers
submission policy
privacy policy
terms of service
contact
about us

security news









copyright © 2025 securemac. all rights. do not sell my information                      