



	home page - xspouse

























home(current)


pricing


purchase


download


reinstall


documentation


contact












xspouse 2024-1.2 is now available
and incorporates important family code changes


                        xspouse 2024-1.2 fixes a bug that was discovered in version 2024-1.1.
                    

                        xspouse 2024 incorporates the changes to the family code that took effect from september 1, 2024.
                        

                        a short video explaining the changes in xspouse 2024 is available here
                         
                        

                        these are major changes and are the first in decades to the family code. 
                        it is essential to upgrade your program to xspouse 2024 in order to be compliant 
                            with the new family code rules as set out in california senate bill no. 343.


                        the changes include the following:

fc §4055 (b)(3)  change in the multiplier based on total net income ranges used for calculating the k factor for child support calculations
fc §4055 (b)(7) change in the basis for calculating the threshold amount for the low income adjustment
fc §4057 (b)(5) in cases where the obligor qualifies for a low income adjustment and the amount of child support established exceeds 50 percent
                            of the support obligor’s net disposable income, as defined in section 4059 after application of the low-income adjustment, 
                            xspouse flags this and displays an alternative lower bound in parentheses next to the lia range according to the new rule
fc §4061 (b) the method for calculating child support add-ons changes from 50/50 to that set out in this section of the code











xspouse™ 2024 is certified for court use

current version: 2024-1.2from $399purchase includes any updated releases of xspouse 2024 and free technical support

any purchase of xspouse 2024 from december 1, 2024 is entitled to a free upgrade to xspouse 2025

purchase »
reinstall »
new users »




features

certified for court use by the california judicial council.
                    
property division. full-featured property divider. includes marsden and pension worksheets.
                    
arrearage calculator. the xspouse™ download package includes an arrearage calculator. 
                    this calculator is available free to all xspouse™ users who have a current personalization id. 
                    there will be an icon xarrears on your start > programs menu.
                    
enhanced findings and rebuttals report. enables judicial officers to modify, when necessary, 
                    the child support calculated according to the formula in fc 4055(a).
                    
bonus income reports. analyze the complex situation when income is unpredictable in size and frequency. 
                    include effects of prior relationships. fully documented.
                    
timeshare worksheet. easy, visually oriented calculation of timeshare even for complex visitation arrangements.
                    
powerful qualified business income deduction calculator that is fully integrated with other xspouse data.
                    
data export. allows an extensive range of data to be exported in either xml or json format.
                    



free demo version

                    an almost full-featured demonstration version of xspouse is available. the demonstration version has some features disabled,
                such as printing, the qbid calculator, browser preview, and data export.
                

download demo »
new users »


support

                    to make sure that communications and notifications from xspouse are not intercepted by a
                spam filter, please add support@xspouse.com and sales@xspouse.com to your email program's
                contacts list, or to your approved senders list.
                

browser preview

                    xspouse provides a browser preview feature in the support and property modules, and in xarrears.  browser preview provides 
                an enhanced appearance for reports, which can be printed directly from the browser, and also provides the ability to select
                viewing and printing ranges in the bonus income reports.
                

learn more »



about

                    xspouse is the most accurate, up-to-date and comprehensive child and spousal support calculator available.
                

                    courts and government agencies can get xspouse free; to order, click on the following button. 
                

order now »







xspouse tutorial videos



learn more »






new in 2024


learn more »



important family code changes - xspouse 2024 incorporates the new changes to the family code that take effect from september 1, 2024. 
                    these are major changes and are the first in decades to the family code.
                

revamps the federal tax display on the income tax tab on the right side of the main screen.
                

learn more »






© 2025 - tolapa inc





