


texas tea pad





















    
	texas tea pad
	
  
where it's always 4:20





thursday, december 01, 2011



	 
	 study: auto fatalities decrease in medical marijuana states
	 
    


re-posted from high timesamidst all the recent doom and gloom in the medical marijuana scene, an encouraging new study indicates there is a marked decrease in auto fatalities in states that have legalized medi-pot. though the research has yet to be peer reviewed, it has been posted on the website of the german institute for the study of labor after being released jointly by university of colorado denver professor daniel rees and montana state university professor d. mark anderson. professors rees and anderson reported the traffic-death rate drops almost nine percent in states following legalization of medical marijuana. the pair of profs arrived at that calculation after including other factors such as traffic laws changes, seat-belt usage and miles driven. while the study does not openly declare that medicinal cannabis legalization was directly responsible for the reduction in traffic fatalities, the implication is clear. however, rees and anderson do not attribute this decrease to drivers being more cautious when driving while medicated on marijuana (as previous studies have indicated), but rather that medical marijuana use at home (or in other non-driving scenarios) may in fact alter those patients’ use of alcohol. in other words, medicinal cannabis consumers – including younger adult drivers in their late teens and 20s – are smoking more pot and drinking less booze. professor rees told the denver post when medi-pot is legalized in a given state, there is an average corresponding 12 percent decline in alcohol-related auto fatalities and specifically a 19 percent drop in the auto wreck death rate of those in their 20s. one possibility the study did not address – if these people are driving with the same frequency now that they were before medical marijuana legalization and if they are smoking more pot instead of drinking, that suggests they are potentially driving while stoned and experiencing less fatalities, which would further substantiate the aforementioned studies (1983 and 1992 in the u.s., 1998 in australia and 2000 from the uk) that do indicate people actually tend to drive more cautiously when stoned. regardless of that argument, this new study posits that with easier, safer and legal access to medi-pot, people in those states are drinking and driving less. we seem to find a new benefit of medical marijuana every day and here is yet another.



posted by myst0nia at 10:40 pm
0 comments








	 
	 two governors ask feds to reschedule cannabis
	 
    


re-posted from high timestwo governors have petitioned the federal government to reschedule cannabis this week. governors christine gregoire of washington state and lincoln chafee of rhode island requested that marijuana be reclassified as a schedule ii drug (like cocaine, opium, and morphine). marijuana has been a schedule i narcotic (a category reserved for drugs with no accepted medical use) since the creation of the controlled substances act. both washington state and rhode island have legalized the use of medical marijuana. however, with the federal government cracking down on medicinal cannabis and threatening to prosecute state employees who help facilitate dispensary systems, many governors of mmj states have gotten cold feet. cynics might see the governors’ petition as a stall tactic similar to arizona governor jan brewer’s suit asking for a judgment on state official’s risk of prosecution, which also delayed the implementation of a state dispensary system. of particular note is the fact that the feds just rejected a petition to reschedule cannabis this summer (a decision that came nine years after the petition was filed). however, it is hard to fault the governors for wanting state law to comply with (or at least vaguely comport with) federal law. what’s more, governor gregoire’s message – “people die from overdose of opiates … has anybody died from marijuana?” – is an admirable (and accurate) assessment of the situation. let’s just hope that the governors desire for federal enlightenment won’t hold up the will of the voters.



posted by myst0nia at 10:36 pm
0 comments





monday, november 21, 2011



	 
	 congressional letter urges obama to change policy
	 
    


from americans for safe accessnine members of congress have directly asked president obama to end the ongoing attacks on state medical cannabis programs.in a letter sent to the white house late last month, representatives from california, colorado and tennessee called the targeting of state-licensed medical cannabis dispensaries “unconscionable” and called on the president to reschedule cannabis to make it available as a medicine. the letter also urges support for the states' medical marijuana patient protection act, legislation introduced by rep. barney frank (d-mass.) that would prohibit federal interference in state medical cannabis programs."it is critically important for patients to have safe access to this treatment that continues to be recommended by doctors. california voters decided to adopt clear regulations to allow patients to do just that,” rep. sam farr told the media after the letter was sent. “it is unfortunate that the federal government has decided to target these legal vendors instead of focusing limited resources on those who sell illicit drugs."the other members of congress who signed the letter are democrats barbara lee, pete stark, lynn woolsey, and republican dana rohrbacher – all of california – and democrats jared polis of colorado and steve cohen of tennessee. staff from americans for safe access’s washington d.c. office worked with the representatives in preparing the letter."we write to express our concern with the recent activity by the department of justice against legitimate medical cannabis dispensaries in california that are operating legally under state law," the letter said.the four u.s. attorneys in california announced oct. 7 that they were stepping up enforcement actions against dispensaries in the state. the announcement follows a department of justice memo issued june 29 stating that anyone involved with medical cannabis programs, even those expressly legal and licensed under state law, is subject to federal prosecution and asset forfeiture."it is our strong position that local and state governments must be allowed to develop, implement and enforce their own public health laws with regard to medical cannabis," the letter stated.the representatives also noted that the recent escalation in california follows months of federal interference in other state medical cannabis programs, including federal raids in seven states. americans for safe access has documented 125 medical cannabis raids under the obama administration.more information:the letter to president obama from members of congress



posted by myst0nia at 8:38 pm
0 comments





saturday, november 19, 2011



	 
	 switzerland legalizes growing cannabis at home
	 
    


someone out there is finally getting it.in order to combat the increasing illegal sales of cannabis in switzerland, four of the seven french-speaking swiss cantons (similar to states in the u.s.) will be allowing individuals to grow four cannabis plants at their home, starting in january 2012. the cannabis is only authorized for personal use and cannot be sold.the cantons involved are geneva, neuchatel, vaud (lausanne) and fribourg, according to this article (in french, see translation here). people can apply for permits to grow more than four plants.we here at the 420 times fully expect this new law to reduce crime and police expenses in switzerland, and everywhere else this kind of progressive thinking comes to pass.if four plants sounds a bit restrictive, remember two things: first, it’s still illegal to do this in most of the world (thanks to u.s. government intervention in everyone else’s business) and second, a properly done grow can yield some pretty spectacular results.read about it here.



posted by myst0nia at 8:02 pm
0 comments








	 
	 texas drug policy conference, january 2012
	 
    


january 11-13, 2012hall of state, fair parkdallasfor more information



posted by myst0nia at 9:10 am
0 comments





wednesday, october 19, 2011



	 
	 ice officer arrested in pot smuggling
	 
    


phoenix (ap) — a deportation officer with u.s. immigration and customs enforcement led arizona state police and federal agents on a high-speed desert chase in his government vehicle, throwing bundles of marijuana out of the window as he fled, the department of public safety said wednesday. the deportation officer, identified as jason alistair lowery, 34, had been under surveillance for more than month after a known smuggler who had been arrested gave authorities a tip about the officer in an effort to get lenient treatment, department of public safety officer carrick cook told the associated press.lowery, who lives in the phoenix suburb of chandler, does not yet have an attorney.  dps and federal agents tried to pull lowery over tuesday after he picked up a load of marijuana in the desert with his unmarked ice pickup truck, cook said. the officer fled, leading agents on a 45-minute chase at speeds of up to 110 mph as he threw 10 of the 14 bundles of pot that he had in the truck out of the window, he said.read the rest of this story.



posted by myst0nia at 9:10 pm
0 comments





saturday, october 15, 2011



	 
	 california medical assn. calls for legalization of marijuana
	 
    


the doctor group questions the medical value of pot and acknowledges some health risk from its use but urges it be regulated like alcohol.  a law enforcement official harshly criticizes the new stance.by anthony york, los angeles timesoctober 16, 2011, 6:01 p.m.reporting from sacramento— the state's largest doctor group is calling for legalization of marijuana, even as it pronounces cannabis to be of questionable medical value.trustees of the california medical assn., which represents more than 35,000 physicians statewide, adopted the position at their annual meeting in anaheim late friday. it is the first major medical association in the nation to urge legalization of the drug, according to a group spokeswoman, who said the larger membership was notified saturday.select this link to read the rest of the article.



posted by myst0nia at 11:33 pm
0 comments





wednesday, october 05, 2011



	 
	 american marijuana growers could beat this war on drugs
	 
    


 clandestine grow-ops sown by industrial americans could damage drug cartels more effectively than the us military http://www.guardian.co.uk/if industrious americans were to saturate their landscape with  clandestine grow-operations, it would substantially damage the  profitability of the cartels, which draw somewhere in between 25% to 60%  of their profit from marijuana. this would eliminate much of the us  government's motivation to interfere in the narcotics policies of  foreign countries, while forcing the issue of legalisation at home.for  those who would prefer a future with less drones, take comfort in the  fact that the market is trending towards this possibility: americans are  growing more pot than ever. if this continues, the decisive battle in  the war on drugs will be waged in the backyards, basements, and national  parks of america. it will see stealth agriculture pitted against  stealth surveillance – the outcome of which will depend on whether or  not american ingenuity can defeat its own government's military  supremacy.labels: http://www.blogger.com/img/blank.gif



posted by myst0nia at 8:14 pm
0 comments





thursday, august 25, 2011



	 
	 skunk magazine's top 132 pot activists
	 
    


well, i didn't make the cut, but i'm happy to see a lot of my "buds" on here.    for its 50th issue, skunk has compiled a list of the 132 leading marijuana activists in the u.s. and canada. there 85 men and 47 women, seven top celebstoners and five politicians on the list. celebstoner  in alphabetic order: dr. donald abramsmichael aldrichmichelle aldrichcalifornia assemblyman tom ammianotom angell - leappaul armentano - norml steve bloom - celebstoner.comdave borden - stopthedrugwar.comrichard bransonsandee burbank - mamacara crabb-burham - ssdpal byrne - pot nora callahan - november coalitionrielle caplertommy chongcarina cialini - cannabis timesjack cole - leaprichard colibri - act4cochris conrad - west cost leafmike corral - wammvalerie corral - wammrichard cortes - "it's just a plant"stacia cosner - ssdprick cusick - high times ervin dargan - potdanny danko - high timestom daubert - patients & families unitedanne davis - norml njsteve deangelo - harborside health centeranna diaz - oregon normlrick doblin - mapsjohn dvorak - hempology.org dr. mitch earleywine - norml advisory boardgeorgia edson - nwawarren edson - mile high normljon elford - asamatt elrod - drugsensejodie emery - cannabisculture.commarc emery - cannabisculture.comsteve epstein - mass cannmelissa etheridge debbie fagin - calgary 420keith fagin - calgary 420sabrina fendrick - nwajeanne ferguson - grandmas for marijuanadiane forbacher - nwacher ford-mccullough - wonprmorgan fox - mppsteve fox - cannabis industry assocationmassachusetts rep. barney frankserra frank - moms for marijuananeill franklin - leapdr. mollie fry greta gaines - nwaira glasser - acludebby goldsberry - united cannabis collectivechris goldstein - freedomisgreen.orgjudge james graydr. lester grinspoon - harvardol' jay greendavid guard - drcnetcrystal guess - women's marijuana movement steve hager - high timeswoody harrelsonmark henrich - mardi grassalison holcomb - acluaaron houston - ssdp gideon israel - rainbow family wanda james - simply pure ediblesanthony johnson - oregon measure 74dale sky jones - oaksterdam ujeff jones - oaksterdam u former nebraska gov. bob kerreykris krane - 4front advisorscharles kwiatkowski - cmmnj richard lake - drugsensejennifer lande - cmmnjamber langston - show-me cannabisdana larsen - vancouver dispensary societycalifornia state sen. mark lenomarie myung-ok leerichard lee - oaksterdam u kelly maddy - joplin normldavid malmo-levinejahan marcu - asaallison margolinbruce margolinjean marlowe - nc cannabis patients networkmickey martin - tainteddeanna martinezmadeline martinez - norml board of directorsmary lynn mathre - pottodd mccormick - hempirekirk mcneil - nh coalition for common sense marijuana policyvivian mcpeak - seattle hempfestdoug mcvay - common sense for drug policydr. bob melemedematt mernaghjim miller - cmmnjkyndra miller - nwascott morgan - stopthedrugwar.comelvy musikka - federal mmj patient loretta nall - alabamans for compassionate caremikki norris - west coast leaf garret overstreet - tulsa norml mieko hester perezdennis peronvictor pinho - cmmnjcolorado rep. jared polis angel raich - arch collectivejacki rickert - immlyjoe roganirv rosenfeld - federal mmj patiented rosenthal - quick trading keith saunders - norml board of dirtectorsdale schafertony serralynette shaw - marin alliance for medical marijuanasteph sherer - asaf. aaron smith - cannabis industry associationphil smith - stopthedrugwar.comniki smokes - mass canneric sterling - criminal justice policy foundationallen st. pierre - normlkeith stroup - norml cliff thornton - efficacyshaleen aghi title - leap dr. cyril wechtcheyenne weldon - texas normlarlene williams - "ganja granny"don wirtshafter - hemp industries associationken wolski - cmmnj



posted by myst0nia at 11:05 pm
0 comments










 about me        name:myst0nia   location:austin, texas    view my complete profile  

what's a tea pad?
find out here


my bloginality is enfp


-tea pad archives -
november 2004
december 2004
january 2005
february 2005
march 2005
april 2005
may 2005
june 2005
july 2005
august 2005
september 2005
october 2005
november 2005
december 2005
january 2006
february 2006
march 2006
april 2006
may 2006
june 2006
july 2006
august 2006
september 2006
october 2006
november 2006
december 2006
january 2007
february 2007
march 2007
april 2007
may 2007
june 2007
july 2007
august 2007
september 2007
october 2007
november 2007
december 2007
january 2008
february 2008
march 2008
april 2008
may 2008
june 2008
july 2008
august 2008
september 2008
october 2008
november 2008
december 2008
january 2009
february 2009
march 2009
april 2009
may 2009
june 2009
july 2009
august 2009
september 2009
october 2009
november 2009
december 2009
january 2010
february 2010
march 2010
april 2010
may 2010
june 2010
july 2010
august 2010
september 2010
october 2010
november 2010
december 2010
january 2011
february 2011
march 2011
april 2011
may 2011
june 2011
july 2011
august 2011
october 2011
november 2011
december 2011


frequently checked

southern shift
dean becker
wtf is it now?
the rag blog
grits for breakfast
pig lip stick
one good move
stuff on my cat
digging
kathryn cramer

drug policy blogs

last one speaks
the d'alliance
dare generation diary
rehabology
drug war rant
sifting the haystack

links

law enforcement against prohibition
texas coalition for compassionate care
drug policy forum of texas
cannabis consumers
west coast leaf
texas aclu
multidisciplinary association for psychedelic studies (maps)
nyc indypendent
the lone star iconoclast
mothers against misuse and abuse
veterans for peace
the happy hemptress

other blogs of interest

unecessary evil
home of the groove
cute overload
prison life
hello in there
her ikea addiction

e-mail
texas.teapad at yahoo.com

  
 























