
















home







































































































              
 


 
  

give today!

    about



  projects



  supporters



  get involved



  resources | education



  careers | training



  contact us












    
 





           

  want to learn more about ontario streams?
this video highlights our projects and programs!

  

this video highlights our projects and programs!



 

  volunteer with ontario streams!
join us for a volunteer event this year!
  

join us for a volunteer event!



 

  supporting jefferson salamanders
write your caption here

  

more information



 

  learn how planting trees improves rivers!
trees help both terrestrial and aquatic habitats

  

trees help both terrestrial and aquatic habitats



 

  learn more about our projects!
we lead many kinds of restoration activities to improve our local rivers and wetlands!

  

we lead many kinds of restoration activities to improve our local rivers and wetlands!









    ﻿healthy streams and wetlands in ontario for today and tomorrow
 ontario streams is an environmental registered charity dedicated to the conservation and rehabilitation of stream, river, and wetland habitats within ontario. our mission is to promote the protection and rehabilitation of ontario's streams, rivers, and wetlands
through education and community action.ontario streams recognizes that we are privileged to be working on the traditional territory of many first nations including the anishinaabe, haudenosaunee, huron-wendat, mississaugas of the credit, and many bands of chippewa. indigenous peoples were the first stewards of the land and continue to act as caretakers for the environment. our staff and volunteers are grateful for the opportunity to act as stewards for land and water across the greater toronto area and we deeply appreciate the historic connection between indigenous peoples and conservation action and advocacy.    countdown to our 30th anniversary!

    




 
  




 
  




 
  





  days

 
 hours

 
 minutes

 
 seconds



countdown finished!





   



    2024 accomplishments!




     


 12,713
 native trees and shrubs planted
   


 78
 in-stream restoration structures built
   




 324
 bags of litter removed
   




 4,011
 community members engaged


     
















 20
 detrimental in-stream blockages mitigated
   


 7,507
 m2 of invasive species managed
   



 1,458
 atlantic salmon fry released
   





 4
 jefferson salamander habitats monitored


     

find out how you can support our projects...




   
   

    watch on youtube


  







want to learn more about ontario streams? this video highlights our projects and programs!



    thank you to our 2024 supporters
     

    

button




  

    

button




  

    

button




  

    

button




  

    

button




  

    

button




  

    

button




  

    

button






  

    

button




  

    

button





  

see our full list of supporters here









       please support our projects
  we need your help to continue to conserve and rehabilitate ontario's streams and wetlands.
   

give today!


  if you are interested in volunteer opportunities and updates on the projects ontario streams is working on, please join our mailing list.
  
    * 
indicates required
 email address *



 


 








  ontario streams
50 bloomington roadaurora, on, canada l4g 0l8contact ussee our about page for our cell phone numberscharitable: #89664 4374 rr 0001     

 

 

 







     © 2025 
ontario streams.  all right reserved. 


privacy policy            
donor information            
financial & legal






































































  
  share by:










