







		terre haute - ivy tech community college
	















skip to main content





home


myivy
ivylearn
faqs
visit a campus


contact us



request free info
contact us


											search contact directory
											faculty/staff/student white pages


help center
common questions
campus locator
schedule a campus tour




1-888-ivy-line (1-888-489-5463)
live chat

										24 hours a day, 7 days a week
										(se habla español)



×


translate













request free info
apply now

register for classes







‌
‌



programs


students

explore programs
apply now



programs overview



all academic programs




degrees & certificates
programs by school
types of credentials
stackable credentials








transfer options




guaranteed admissions
transfer as a junior (tsap)
transfer as a sophomore (indiana college core)





ivyonline







special programs




next level jobs
dual credit/high school programs
accelerated programs
skills training classes
ivy+ it academy
apprenticeships
achieve your degree program
attend two colleges at the same time
honors college
study abroad
global studies
senior scholars







employers





employer services




connect with talent
skill up your employees
skills training classes






×




classes


credit classes

register for classes






classes overview




academic calendar
class formats
how 8-week terms work
class policies and grades



course descriptions & prerequisites (course catalog)
search class schedules



how to register for classes




schedule builder instructions
course placement







skills training

explore upcoming training
build in-demand skills and earn industry certifications through training you can take without pursuing a degree.



upcoming skills training classes
ivy+ it academy classes
how skills training works
skill up your employees



×




locations



find locations near you
see all locations



anderson
batesville
bloomington
columbus
connersville
crawfordsville
crown point
east chicago
elkhart
evansville
fort wayne
frankfort
franklin
gary
greencastle
greensburg
hamilton county
indianapolis
jeffersonville
kokomo
la porte
lafayette
lake county
lawrence
lawrenceburg
logansport
madison
marion
michigan city
muncie
new castle
north vernon
peru
plainfield
richmond
rushville
scottsburg
sellersburg
seymour
shelbyville
south bend
tell city
terre haute
valparaiso
warsaw



×




admissions



apply now
request free info






admissions & enrollment




how to apply
find your local admissions rep
local enrollment centers
tuesdays@thetech enrollment events
campus tours
assessment for admissions








you’re accepted — now what?




new student orientation
credit for prior learning







find your path


transfer pathways
homeschoolers
21st century scholars
project lead the way
first generation in college


questions?



								1-888-ivy-line
								(1-888-489-5463)




								live chat
							


							24 hours a day, 7 days a week
							(se habla español)



×




tuition & aid



costs

tuition & financial aid overview



tuition & fees




ivy+ tuition & textbooks initiative
total cost of attendance
estimate your college cost




payments




payments overview




ways to pay
make a payment now
payment plans
payment due dates
understanding your bill







financial aid

manage aid in myivy






financial aid overview




fafsa help






types of aid




scholarships
grants
work study
loans
employer-paid tuition assistance
veteran & military tuition benefits






managing your financial aid/refunds




satisfactory academic progress (sap)






×




student services




log in:
myivy
ivylearn


register for classes







student services overview




advising
registrar/transcripts
bookstores
student life
bursar/payments
ivy+ career link (career development)
course placement
libraries
disability support
public safety



about myivy
about ivylearn







support for your success




ivycares
tech support
testing/schedule an exam
tutoring
help center
first-generation students
trio program
veterans
active military
student handbook
alumni






×




about ivy tech



view open jobs



about ivy tech
careers at ivy tech
our team
news
events







college operations




human resources
board of trustees
facilities & capital planning
strategic plan
office of general counsel
diversity, equity & belonging
ivy+ career link
accreditation & mission
financial information
policies & rights








donate






ivy tech foundation




make an impact
ways to give
give now






×











home locations terre haute



				terre haute campus

			


terre haute live chat
schedule a tour






				terre haute main campus
			

					greencastle
				





						terre haute main campus
					


greencastle










						higher education doesn'thave to come at a higher price.
					





		
		
			2 convenient sites for classes |
		10 start days a year — apply today!



menu

terre haute home
about the terre haute campus
academic programs offered
classes in terre haute
campus news & events
local student resources
2025 commencement info
contact us



terre haute live chat
schedule a tour






terre haute spotlight



									apply for scholarships
									



										more than $400k in scholarships available each year
										local scholarships





									earn your degree in 11 months
									



										save money and time
										discover the asap program





									learn what ivy tech has to offer
									



										plan your visit
										campus visit opportunities





									smart manufacturing & digital integration
									



										start your career in one of the fastest growing industries
										smart manufacturing & digital integration





									healthcare programs for high-demand careers
									



										a great healthcare career starts here.
										all academic programs





									start here & transfer as a junior
									



										partnerships with many 4-year colleges
										learn how to get started







45 programs offered

entrepreneurship
advanced automation & robotics technology
agriculture
automotive technology
diesel technology
electrical engineering technology
electronics & computer technology
engineering technology
heating, ventilation, & air conditioning technology (hvac)
industrial technology
machine tool technology
manufacturing production & operations
precision agriculture equipment technology
smart manufacturing & digital integration
biology
chemistry
education – early childhood
education – elementary & special
education – secondary
general studies
indiana college core
liberal arts
professional communication
psychology
accounting
business administration
business operations, applications & technology (boat)
logistics & supply chain management
diagnostic medical sonography
healthcare specialist
medical assisting
medical imaging
medical laboratory technology
paramedic science
respiratory therapy
surgical technology
therapeutic massage
cloud technologies
cybersecurity / information assurance
informatics
information technology support
software development
nursing
criminal justice
human services


see more+
explore all programs
close x








important dates & upcoming events



feb 25


tuesday at the tech - terre haute
tuesday at the tech - greencastle 




feb 28


enrollment day - terre haute
enrollment day - greencastle




mar 3


summer & fall registration begins




mar 4


tuesday at the tech - terre haute
tuesday at the tech - greencastle 




mar 9


4-week spring class session #2 ends
8-week spring class session #1 ends




apr 18


go ivy day - terre haute






view local event calendar




terre haute locations
serving clay, parke, putnam, sullivan, vermillion and vigo counties




 main campus


 satellite location


 classroom or learning site




get campus contact info







advance your career with skills training classes
ivy tech’s skills training classes can help you prepare for an industry certification, learn new skills for your employer, or satisfy professional needs. classes are open to the community and you don’t need to pursue a degree or apply to ivy tech to take them.

see all skills training in terre haute

featured skills training in terre haute





aws gas metal arch welding (gmaw) certification preparation




microsoft excel 2019 & 365 - level 2 intermediate




class a commercial drivers license (cdl-a)




microsoft excel 2019 & 365 - level 3 advanced




servsafe food manager certification




microsoft excel 2019 & 365 - level 1 beginner




facilities operating engineers third class licensing seminar (asope)




microsoft word 2019 & 365 - level 1




boiler & pressure vessel inspector (nbbi)















campus visit opportunities
schedule a campus visit to meet with faculty, speak with financial aid, tour campus, and discover resources to help you be successful throughout your educational journey.
schedule a campus visit
 
attend any tuesday@thetech to learn about all that ivy tech has to offer. 
every tuesday  | tuesdays@thetech | register to attend
first tuesday  | help filing the fafsa | register to attend
virtual on-demand service
video | voice | chatmonday-friday | 8 a.m.-4:45 p.m. et
enter zoom room




enrollment days
if you have already applied and are ready to register for classes sign up to attend an upcoming enrollment day. meet with your advisor to plan your schedule to keep you on track for graduation. 
sign up for an enrollment day
day in the life of an ivy tech student
are you interested in exploring one of ivy tech's 50+ programs? you can schedule a campus visit to shadow a student in your program area of interest.  
sign up for a day in the life







news & notes




superintendent of vigo county school corporation joins ivy tech terre haute campus board of trustees
ivy tech community college terre haute has appointed chris himsel, ph.d., superintendent of the vigo county school corporation (vcsc), to the campus board of trustees superintendent of vigo county school corporation joins ivy tech terre haute campus board of trustees




ivy tech greencastle announces associate degree completion pathway in partnership with north putnam high school
ivy tech community college is proud to collaborate with north putnam high school to offer a unique associate degree completion pathway for high school students.  ivy tech greencastle announces associate degree completion pathway in partnership with north putnam high school


additional leadership changes happening at ivy tech terre haute
the college is proud to announce molly joseph as the new dean of the school of advanced manufacturing, engineering, and applied sciences, and tracy blanc, as the dean of the school of health sciences and the dean of the school of public affairs and social services.  additional leadership changes happening at ivy tech terre haute


ivy tech terre haute/greencastle names julie will as new vice chancellor of academic affairs
ivy tech terre haute/greencastle is pleased to announce the appointment of julie will as its new vice chancellor of academic affairs, effective january 2025.  ivy tech terre haute/greencastle names julie will as new vice chancellor of academic affairs


circle of ivy awards $7,500 to support laptop scholarships at ivy tech terre haute/greencastle
women’s philanthropy circle supporting the ivy tech foundation works to diminish barriers to higher education for west central indiana students. circle of ivy awards $7,500 to support laptop scholarships at ivy tech terre haute/greencastle



see all news







steps to success

future students




										applying to ivy tech
									

getting started
your first step to starting your ivy tech education is to apply for admission—with no application fee. and we’ve made that as simple as possible! if you have never applied before or it’s been two years since you last applied, you will start by clicking here. this page describes the process and tells you what you might want to later upload for your assessment. from there, you will click the “apply now for free” button. it’s an easy process!
timing
ivy tech does not require applications by certain dates. instead, we offer five opportunities to start classes in january, march, june, august and october. you can start whichever time works best in your life. your application will take about 7-10 business days to process, after which you will receive an acceptance letter in the mail. if you do not hear back from us in that timeframe, call admissions at 888-ivy-line (1-888-489-5463) for information.
online applicationwe accept online applications. if this won’t work for you, you will need to visit your local campus.





										after you're accepted
									

how to become an ivy tech student
once you receive your acceptance letter, you will get instructions on what to do next. below is a list of steps you will take to become an ivy tech student.

your first step will be to set up your myivy account, which you’ll use all the time for student information.
meet with an enrollment specialist at your campus (find local campus contact info here).
file your free application for federal student aid (fafsa).
submit your transcripts if you recently finished high school or college courses.
check to see if you need to take a knowledge assessment.
meet with your career coach.
meet with your advisor.
register for classes.
pay for classes and/or set up a payment plan.

getting started checklist
if you like to check off items on a list, you can download a handy checklist here that outlines the steps to completing enrollment and class registration and becoming an ivy tech student.
tuesdays@the tech
if this all feels a bit overwhelming, don’t worry, we’re here to help. take advantage of tuesdays@thetech by stopping by your local campus on any tuesday to get personal support and guidance to complete your registration.





										talking with your advisor
									

you will not be alone as you take your ivy tech journey. instead, you’ll be guided by your advisor, who will meet with you to build your academic completion plan. this will include determining which classes to take each semester. if you’re planning to transfer to a four-year university after finishing your ivy tech degree or certificate, that will drive your plan.
finding your advisor
you will work directly with an advisor at your location. you will start by logging into myivy, scroll to the quicklinks section, and then click schedule appointment with advisor. you can use this appointment scheduling guide for step-by-step instructions. the advising checklist on page 2 of this document will give you a good idea of what to expect and how to be best prepared for your meeting.





										navigating financial aid & fafsa
									

worrying about how you’ll pay your tuition should never keep you away from improving your career options with an ivy tech education. there are many types of financial aid available to our students, and we want you to find the best fit for your situation. getting financial aid can help you pay for college now and finish with little or no debt or a more manageable payment plan.
financial aid options
ivy tech offers students many ways to find aid that doesn’t have to be paid back. this gift aid includes grants, scholarships, and work study programs.

grants - a grant is tuition money given to students based on financial need.
scholarships - ivy tech offers hundreds of scholarships worth more than $7 million. scholarships are based on a number of factors, including financial need and/or academic achievement. many of the scholarships are tied to a certain campus. you must complete the fafsa and fill out just one scholarship application per year.
work study programs - you have both federal and state work study programs to consider as a way to help pay for your education. these require you to work a certain number of hours per week.
loans - this is money that you borrow from a bank, credit union, or other organization that you are required to pay back once you’re done with school. the payment you make back will be the amount loaned plus interest that is charged over the course of the loan.

starting with the fafsa
the fafsa (free application for federal student aid) is the starting point for all financial aid opportunities, and you must fill it out every year. it’s actually easier to fill out than you might think. this page will help you know what information to gather and the steps to take when filling out the form.





										registering for classes
									

to register for classes, you must already be accepted to ivy tech. it's a good idea to meet with your advisor before registering. you can find the courses that best fit your life with our schedule builder, a tool in the myivy student portal that lets you easily search for the class you want. when you’re ready, you can get started here on registering for classes. if you have questions about the process, you can find lots of answers here.
you can also take advantage of tuesdays@thetech by stopping by your local campus on any tuesday to get personal support and guidance to complete your registration.





										getting comfortable with myivy & ivylearn
									

put most simply, myivy is your student portal for email, course registration, grades, transcripts, online payments, class communication, college events, and other student services. the first time you go to myivy, just click on “first time user” to start the process (see the complete steps here).
ivylearn is the student portal to access your course information, syllabus, and online coursework. learn more here about getting started with ivylearn before your first class. you’ll find both portals will make your ivy tech experience easy to navigate.





current students




									registering for classes
								

as you know, the schedule builder in myivy is our tool that lets you easily search for the classes you want. the schedule builder provides you with dates and times of each course, instructor information, and the course description so you have everything you need to make your semester schedule.
when you’re ready to register for classes, it's a good idea to schedule a meeting with your advisor. your advisor will make sure your academic plan is on track.
you can also take advantage of tuesdays@thetech by stopping by your local campus on any tuesday to get personal support and guidance to complete your registration.





									using myivy & ivylearn
								

as a reminder, myivy is your student portal for email, course registration, grades, transcripts, online payments, class communication, college events and other student services. if you’re just getting started at ivy tech, click here to learn how to access myivy.
ivylearn is ivy tech’s learning management system where you access your course information, syllabus, and online coursework. to get started successfully in an online course via ivylearn, you need to do three things at least one week before your class begins.





									working with your advisor
								

your advisor is available not just when you’re registering for classes but throughout the semester if you have questions or concerns. you can meet with your advisor in person, virtually or on the phone. remember that your advisor helped you create your academic completion plan. check back on that to make sure it still includes your current goals. if you’ve made a change, talk through that with your advisor.





									managing your account & financial aid
								

remember that you will need to fill out the fafsa (free application for federal student aid) each year, as well as the scholarship application. then you can keep track of your financial aid in myivy. your financial aid might include grants, scholarships, loans, and/or work study. if you cannot make just one payment for your tuition, you can set up a payment plan in myivy.
see important dates and deadlines for:

refunds
payment plans
fafsa






									getting your transcript
								

your transcript includes information about your attendance at ivy tech. it includes your current program of study, any degrees awarded by ivy tech, transfer credit and term-by-term course, and grade and gpa information.
you can request your transcript in myivy. click on "tools and resources" in the upper left area of the page. select "request official transcript" from the list of items. you can request mailed or electronic transcripts. the fee for official transcripts is $6 per copy.





contact the campus










how can we help you?



future students

										if you're not yet an ivy tech student, contact the ivy tech terre haute campus admissions office
																				and we'll be happy to help.
									
current students

										contact your academic advisor, who can help you with your academic plan, class registration, financial aid, and more.
											find your advisor





24 hours a day, 7 days a week (se habla español)



1-888-489-5463



live chat








helpful links

jobs at ivy tech terre haute campus
terre haute campus ivy tech library
virtual on-demand service
ivy+ career link job board
learning resource center
photo and video consent for campus events

follow us on social















‌
questions?
‌


get live help with:

programs
admissions
costs & aid
advising
registering for classes


chat now







schedule a tour
donate
request free info
apply now


about us

about ivy tech
academic programs
classes
locations
tuition & financial aid
jobs at ivy tech
ivy tech foundation
news



for employers

employer services
connect with talent
skill up your employees



quick links for students

myivy
ivylearn
advising
how to register for classes
bookstores
registrar/transcripts
course placement
academic calendar
libraries



how can we help?

contact us
search contact directory
help center
student support services



















					ivy tech community college
(888) ivy-line (489-5463)










				© 2022-2025 ivy tech community college. all rights reserved.
				
					this site is protected by recaptcha and the google
					privacy policy and
					terms of service apply.
				


college scorecard
privacy
policies
consumer info


















