


matt's senior project blog: permaculture education in australia






















    
	matt's senior project blog: permaculture education in australia
	
  
this blog is part of the documentation for my senior project. i will be taking 2 permaculture certification courses and completing an internship. the first course will introduce me to permaculture theories and principles. the 2nd course will examine specific permaculture practices. if all goes to plan (internet availability), i will post regular blog updates and photographs to better illustrate my experiences. if you have any questions/ comments please email me at senior-project@riseup.net



wednesday, august 23, 2006



	 new blog
    


i've moved!! check out my new blog documenting my stay in taipei, taiwan at:www.mattintaiwan.blogspot.com-matt



posted by get @ 7:00 pm  
      
  





wednesday, april 19, 2006



	 back in us of a
    


from lax  airport:i think the biggest surprise in my journey so far was coming back to the us. it actually felt foreign, for about a minute.  it was strange to be surrounded by a "mostly" familiar accent again. don't let me forget to mention switching from australian to american airlines. no more offers such as: "would you like complimentary organic chamomile tea or cadbury's hot cocoa with marshmallow?", but instead "$5 for a bag of trail mix". the airport didn't help me acclimate either, los angeles international is a poorly designed facility. i miss australia, but i know la isn't the best summary of what the us has to offer. i think i just miss bloomington.i have trouble sleeping on airplanes and there for haven't slept in about 20 hours. needless to say i'll be glad to finally get home and catch up on some sleep. in closing: international airtravel (unless i can ever afford 1st class) isn't the most fun, but i guess it's part of the journey. why should traveling be overly luxurious anyways? where is the adventure in that? when i finally arrived at my 1st semi perminant destination in australia, i was so relieved. i feel much the same going back home. this temporary strain will make me really appreciate my freshly made bed and three course meal one associates with homecomings. well, mom better have anyways.see you all very, very soon-matt



posted by get @ 2:40 am  
      
  





saturday, april 15, 2006



	 one last stop
    


i purchased my train tickets yesterday. i leave tomorrow morning for brisbane and will take the plane back home on tuesday morning. i'll be flying with the time zone changes, so this part of the trip will be much shorter than before. it's hard to believe my trip is pretty much over. now that i've realized that fact, i sort of already feel like i'm back home. time to pack one last time. see you soon!-matt



posted by get @ 1:45 pm  
      
  





thursday, april 13, 2006



	 the city by the sea
    


 (need i say more) well okay.....i spent my last day in sydney across the harbor at manly beaches. the ferry ride to manly was beautiful. the ferry came back at dusk, just in time to see the sunset behind the harbor bridge and opera house.a little bit more to come.-matt



posted by get @ 9:21 pm  
      
  








	 big lights, big city
    


- i left the harbor city today. it was really hard to leave because there is so much more to explore! i keep telling myself there will be plenty of time when i come back (which i most certainly will someday). a lot of stuff happened within the week i was living in the city. i need to review and write down things so i can get them in the right order. i should mention i went to a ballet at the opera house monday night called "gathering". it was an amazing joint effort between the sydney ballet and the bangarra aboriginal dance company.-anyways, here are some highlight pictures. top left to bottom right: my first glipse of that oh so famous landmark, inside one of the opera house galleries, the pyramid at the botanical gardens, moth orchids from the orchid exhibition, the thai new years festival, thai fruit sculpture, the sydney royal easter show aka state fair (at the 2000 olympics site), classic show attraction, around olympic park



posted by get @ 9:10 pm  
      
  





wednesday, april 05, 2006



	 first day in sydney
    


so, i forgot to bring my camera cord for transfering pictures. i'll post a whole lot in a week at the most. i will expand on everything further when i get back, but concisely "today i":this morning, i went for a tour of the sydney opera house. it was really amazing to see the inside (not to mention the outside). i then walked to the art gallery of new south wales and after exploring the galleries for a while, i headed to the botanical gardens. aparently there are about 7,000 flying foxes (giant bats) roosting in the gardens. at first i thought there were only a few in the trees. then i looked around, they were everywhere! i also stopped by the glass houses to see the special orchid exhibit. well now i'm tired, but there is still more to do! i was invited to a youth backpackers social around the block, i think i might check that out.that's all for now-matt



posted by get @ 6:04 pm  
      
  








	 headed for the city
    


i'm leaving for the city center today. i'll be staying in a youth hostel for about a week while i explore the city. my hostel is close to the sydney harbor and the opera house, so it's in walking distance of most attractions. i'm really excited to finally see all of those cliche tourist spots including the surfer mecca, bondi beach. i havn't lived in a city for this long before, so that should be interesting. i actually think i'll enjoy it a lot, even though i'll miss the mountain scenery, at least there's an ocean. i'm unsure about the internet availability at my hostel, but i'll update as soon as i can. by the way that's a map of my hostel "footprints westend" and the surrounds.see ya'-matt



posted by get @ 8:05 am  
      
  





monday, april 03, 2006



	 freddy, the alpaca
    


some quick notes:-this is freddy, the alpaca. he is one of my new neighbors along with a few goats, some pigs, a pony, a gaggle of geese and of course, chickens.-i went for a hike yesterday to the river in maquarie fields (the town i'm staying at). it was nice to get out into nature again.-i booked a youth hostel in sydney to stay at for a few days, while i explore the city. it's pretty close to the opera house and on the edge of the botanical gardens which are supposed to be amazing. there are lots of free museums, so i'll need to make a priority list.-the sydney royal easter show is starting this week. i'm thinking it's the equivelent of our state fair, only much bigger because it's housed in the 2000 sydney olympics park and also because they have an alpaca fashion show, definitely not indiana.more to come soon!-matt



posted by get @ 11:08 am  
      
  





saturday, april 01, 2006



	 the sydney beach!
    


 today, i went into sydney to participate in a mini workshop at the university of new south wales. the workshop was about keeping chickens in urban environments, it was lead by my host, sue. afterwards we stopped by one of the sydney beaches for fish n' chips.



posted by get @ 6:01 pm  
      
  













links

harmony school
djanbung gardens
permaculture international
nimbin, australia

previous posts

new blog
back in us of a
one last stop
the city by the sea
big lights, big city
first day in sydney
headed for the city
freddy, the alpaca
the sydney beach!
train to sydney

archives

december 2005
january 2006
february 2006
march 2006
april 2006
august 2006









 





