 






space nanotechnology laboratory – mit kavli institute for astrophysics and space research


























 



mit kavli institute for astrophysics and space research
massachusetts institute of technology




 space nanotechnology laboratory mit kavli institute for astrophysics and space research 

 

skip to content
home
news
about

mission
history
flights
facilities


science
projects

advanced diffraction gratings

critical-angle transmission gratings
blazed reflection gratings
phase-shifting transmission gratings


diffraction-limited x-ray optics
shaping & assembly of x-ray mirrors
the mit nanoruler/scanning beam interference lithography
spectrometer design
previous projects


people
publications

journals & conference proceedings
white papers, etc.
in the press
theses
bookshelf


positions
sponsors
contact
gallery
links



 




 







 

 

 

 

 

critical-angle transmission  (cat) gratingscanning electron micrograph of the hierarchical structure of a large-area cat grating membrane fabricated from a silicon-on-insulator wafer.


shaping of thin-foil x-ray opticsx-ray optics for space-based applications need to be wafer-thin and maintain accurate figure.


home of the mit nanorulerthe nanoruler is the first tool to implement the patented patterning technique called scanning beam interference lithography (sbil). (© volker steger, science photo library)


the chandra x-ray observatorythe snl fabricated hundreds of transmission gratings for the high energy transmission grating spectrometer on board of chandra, launched in 1999, and still operating.  (image credit: nasa/cxc/sao)


x-ray optics shape correction using ion implantationion implantation of thin-foil x-ray mirrors has the potential to correct figure at the sub-arcsec level.  (© ralf heilmann)

 




advanced x-ray and euv diffraction gratings 
 
 the innovative critical-angle transmission (cat) grating combines the best of transmission and reflection gratings in the soft x-ray band...					
read more »

 
 




shaping of thin-foil x-ray optics 
 
 we are pioneering alternative methods for the shaping and figure correction of thin-foil optics utilized as grazing-incidence mirrors in space-based x-ray telescopes...					
read more »

 
 




scanning beam interference lithography: the nanoruler 
 
 the nanoruler is a prize-winning tool for the rapid high-precision patterning of large-area gratings...					
read more »

 
 
watch a video about the snl
jan. 2025: paper on "machine learning driven measurement of high-aspect-ratio nanostructures using mueller matrix spectroscopic ellipsometry" selected as an editor's pick by jvstb 
jul 2024: successful magixs-2 sounding rocket flight with snl/izentis reflection grating 
apr 2024: successful hi-c flare sounding rocket flight with snl/izentis reflection grating 
feb 2024: dr. schattenburg gives invited talk on “metrology challenges for fabrication of high aspect-ratio, nano-scale x-ray diffraction gratings” at spie meeting on advanced lithography + patterning in san jose, ca 
nov 2023: congratulations to mallory whalen for receiving the r. v. jones student scholarship at the 38th aspe annual meeting! 
oct 2023: increased soft x-ray diffraction efficiency with oxidation/vapor-hf-thinned cat gratings demonstrated 
sept 2023: congratulations to dr. yao to his new position at nasa goddard space flight center! 
july 2023: congratulations to dr. wisniewski to his successful ph.d. defense! 
june 2023: congratulations to mallory whalen to her master’s degree! 
 more newsaug 2017: arcus, a nasa midex mission proposal based on cat gratings, silicon-pore optics, and x-ray ccds, has been selected for a phase a concept study. 

feb 2016: record high soft x-ray grating spectrometer resolving power > 10,000 demonstrated!   
 






massachusetts institute of technology
mit kavli institute for astrophysics and space research (mki)
chandra x-ray observatory
copyright (unless stated otherwise): space nanotechnology laboratory, mit kavli institute for astrophysics and space research, massachusetts institute of technology, cambridge, ma 02139, usa. accessibility 
	powered by parabola &   wordpress.		










