



touch tone terrorists prank calls








welcome to hijacked customer service prank calls!



"one giant leap
backwards
for mankind"
-- buzz armstrong      


home
movie
news
youtube
contact


 







warning: the prank calls performed on this site were designed and tested by junkyard willie, a highly trained professional. these calls are extremely dangerous and should not be attempted by anyone, anywhere, at any time.
 



customer service crackpots


"customer service crackpots" - by popular demand this forth prank album features more hilarious angry incoming calls for customer service, including the angry auto insurance calls! actual customers get treated to sarcasm, insults and corruption by totally useless customer care representatives! click here to listen to the audio clip of this album if your browser does not display the player below.

digital album available at itunes and bandcamp.




customer service disasters


"customer service disasters" - actual customers calling to track packages, calling for a bank, university admissions department, cosmetic company, internet service provider and more. this album even prompted a fortune 500 company to demand that all copies of this album be destroyed! it's that shocking! click here to listen to the audio clip of this album if your browser does not display the player below. 

digital album available at itunes and bandcamp.




a permanent lapse of reason


"a permanent lapse of reason" - this album, which contains occasional reckless use of profanity, will kick your funny bone's ass! it contains bathroom humor that doesn't stink! rusty hubcaps, porta-potties and vomit are a common theme. and yes, a fortune 500 company wanted all copies of this album destroyed too. click here to listen to the audio clip of this album if your browser does not display the player below.

digital album available at itunes and bandcamp.
      .
    



appetite for disruption


"appetite for disruption" - how it all got started! this one's a little more light-hearted. from warped minds come warped prank calls! be prepared for an extra dosage of junkyard willie! click here to listen to the audio clip of this album if your browser does not display the player below.

digital album available at itunes and bandcamp.




customer care creeps


"customer care creeps" - 16 calls in all, including 7 that were released on 5/27/2015 and 2 that were released on 3/11/2017. it's more customer care insanity plus a few outbound calls. click here to listen to audio clip of this album if your browser does not display the player below. 


digital album available at amazon.com and itunes. 





details about the movie.  
 
view on  youtube.
























content on this page requires a newer version of adobe flash player.










mp3 | movie | news | youtube | faq | site map | contact
as heard on howard stern and crank yankers (on comedy central and mtv2) and pandora radio
"like isis but without all of the bombs and stuff"
- department of homeland security
 
 
 
 
 

 



