


strivin'




















    
	strivin'
	
  
this blog is free of direct and accidental damage caused by missiles, falling objects, fire, theft, explosion, earthquake, windstorm, hail, water, flood, malicious mischief or vandalism, riot or civil commotion, breakage of glass, lightning, smoke or smudge, stranding, sinking, burning, collision, derailment or breakdown. certain words appear in bold or italics.





monday, october 08, 2007



	 
	 moving day
	 
    


i've relocated to a new spot -- http://strivin.com.blogger's been fun, but it was time for a change. to my enormous amount of regular readers (all three of you) and to all those who have me linked, please take note of my new address (http://strivin.com) and update your links!!!



posted by doxx at 10:09 pm
2 comments






sunday, september 30, 2007



	 
	 malice & mr. illmannered's b-day bash
	 
    


a few weeks ago i went to a birthday bash for my buddy mr. illmannered (apt. 3/dna entertainment) at the lovely boulevard bar & grill up in rohnert park. they were also celebrating the birthday of apt. 3/dna entertainment artist malice. dj mark 7 manned the dj booth and bay area legends t-gunna (aka tayda tay of 11/5), udi, big drawz and more came through to kick it. here's some flicks courtesy of g-dubb, dana and boogie...big drawz of 2-11  gettin' the party started in the parking lot. box wine is the lick.trecherous tic on the mic. tic might be the funniest dude i've met in a while.malice and mr. illmannered with big ant on the mic.twan goddi, t-gunna of 11/5, big ant and mr. illmannered.quint of udi, malice and friend.t-gunna of 11/5, big ant, mr. illmannered, twan goddi doing some bay area rap karaoke.chicks dig bay area rap music.big ant and t-gunna of 11/5.boogie and trecherous tic.malice and mr. illmannered.big ant, mr. illmannered and twan goddi.the ladies approve of the festivities.all in all it was a great night. no drama, great music (all classic bay cuts, no hyphy crap) and i got to see some people i haven't seen or talked to in years (pig pen, udi, t-gunna, etc...)also, mr. illmannered and dj mark 7 are going to be throwing regular parties at the same place starting in october. the parties are basically for artists to come kick it with each other and fans. i'm sure every once in a while there will be performances, but overall i think the functions will be just for artists and fans to mix and mingle. here's the flyer for the kickoff party, the mobb shindig...here's what mr. illmannered has to say about the series of parties:"anyone who was there with us less than a month ago remembers how sick it was. please family, don't miss out. mark 7 and i are trying to make this a regular party where fans and music execs are on the same level - last time, execs and fans respectfully thanked us for the way we set it up. mark and i hire our own security so if anyone acts close to wrong, they are sent face first into the concrete. this is our opportunity, let's make it work for the best of all of us. big thanks to the folks at the boulevard for taking a chance on us."and here's dj mark's 7's:"i've never really been one to put my name on a party, concert, etc..., but since moving back to the bay and going to a couple events i see the need for things like this. artists who may have seen each other, but never really met or folks who haven't seen each other in a long time and having the chance to reunite on some positive shit without the pressures of performing and what not. just a chill night to network, trade stories, pop at broads or whatever. folks can just leave the egos at the door and help strengthen bay music by showing unity. it's really an open invitation to any artist or fan, etc... to come politic with the folks that make this whole bay area music thing happen... ie: everyone. so come by, have a drink and just have a good fuckin' time."this first party will also be the launch party for illmannered street wear. there will be 10 t-shirts to check out and buy that night as well as free giveaways. get yourself out there!



posted by doxx at 10:28 am
1 comments






monday, august 06, 2007



	 
	 king of the yay tournament
	 
    


the folks dookie over at the mecca that is tha bay is running with a great idea right now. i'm a little pissed i didn't think of it first, but oh well, us bay bloggers gotta stick together. the idea is the king of the yay tournament done in the style of the ncaa basketball tournament all broken down into regions.it looks like he's doing it one region at a time so click here to place your votes in the first bracket. you can check out the entire field if you click here.should be interesting... there's a handful of people in the tournament that should not win. if any of them do i will be seriously doubting the musical taste of bay area rap fans.go check it out ya bastards.----------------now playing: mob figaz - bay areavia foxytunes



posted by doxx at 5:14 pm
2 comments






friday, june 15, 2007



	 
	 rip tony thompson
	 
    


i know this happened a few weeks ago, but i don't care...tony thompson, who sang on the 1990s r&b hits "i like the way (the kissing game)" and "she's playing hard to get" as part of the group hi-five, has died. he was 31.thompson was found dead friday night of an apparent drug overdose, friends told the waco tribune-herald.thompson signed with jive records in 1990 as part of hi-five. the quintet's self-titled debut album went multi-platinum and spawned the hits "i like the way (the kissing game)," "i can't wait another minute," and "just another girlfriend."   in 1992, the group found success again with the songs "she's playing hard to get" and "quality time."thompson released his solo debut, sexsational, in 1995 after hi-five split.the waco native had recently moved back to his hometown from the dallas area and was working on new material.anyone who was in junior high or high school when hi-five was poppin' knows how dope their shit was. 8th and 9th grade parties were always bumpin' "i like the way (the kissing game)" and "she's playing hard to get!!!"i know some of you readin' this remember gumby fades, overalls with one loop side up and the other down, pin-striped starter hats and jerseys, etc... if i remember right, i had the bangin' cleveland indians pin-striped set. listening to these old hi-five tracks takes me right back to that era. it's a trip.if you weren't at that age when they dropped (or if you weren't even born yet), they probably don't even register on your radar, but man i wish we had r&b acts like hi-five these days.so for my fellow old folks who might have lost their hi-five albums and for you young cats who have no clue who i'm talking about, here's the hi-five greatest hits album...hi-five - greatest hitsthe obvious standouts are "i like the way (the kissing game)," "she's playing hard to get," "i can't wait another minute," "quality time" and "unconditional love."http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tony_thompson_%28singer%29http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hi-fiveriplabels: hi-five, rip, tony thompson



posted by doxx at 2:00 pm
7 comments






friday, june 08, 2007



	 
	 you want my spirit & soul? i'll give you my life. here.
	 
    


life is trying to kill me again.you ever see that movie the perfect storm where three storms combine to form one massive motherfucker in an attempt to drown george clooney and marky mark? yeah, it's like that except i'm on land and the sun is shining.it's always weird when everything that can go wrong in life goes wrong at the same fucking time. who decides that shit? one thing at a time is manageable, but when the list starts getting long i fuckin' lose it and stop eating and instead start drinking vodka and beer way too heavily which doesn't help shit. probably makes everything worse really, but i'm stuck.anyway, fuck...here's a bunch of goddamn songs and shit for you to download. some have been out for a while, but i don't care.i like these dudes grafh and prinz from new york. both of them are on black hand entertainment and put out music with some goddamn feeling in it which is sorely missing from most fucking rap music these days. here's some of their shit...grafh - autografh albumgraph & prinz - gangster music mixtapegrafh - "money, power, respect" freestlyegrafh, prinz & foxy brown - "how we get down"thanks to sneek for download links.i wrote about this cat born unique from virginia a while back. dude is raw. i need a fuckin' album from him damnit. here's a new reggae track with him guest rappin' on it...collie budz featuring born unique - "come around (remix)"i don't know who this dude kristo is or anything about him actually. i don't even remember where i got this damn song at either, but it's good. if you have some info on him, let me know.kristo - "letter to hip hop"here's another one i don't know anything about. name is lou armstrong and i assume he's from boston. song is deep. again, let me know some info.lou armstrong - "when it's all gone end"i haven't forgotten about the bay you bastards. here's a solid track from frontline...frontline - "img"remember young dre from southern cali? he was a guest on ray luv's forever hustlin' album and was dope as fuck. i know he dropped an album back in that era, but i haven't heard much about him since then. here's something recent...young dre - "i love la"and some more bay shit. a plus from souls of mischief recently dropped a new album called my last good deed so here's a track for you...download "patna please" (mp3) from my last good deed by a plus hieroglyphics imperium buy at itunes music store stream from rhapsody  more on this album



posted by doxx at 5:43 pm
6 comments






saturday, april 07, 2007



	 
	 mista cane - in my life
	 
    


mista canein my lifepervelous p. entertainment/koch entertainmentproduced by: davey d. cohn, sean t, one drop scottfeaturing: the game, rasco, sean t, san quinn, prohoezak, planet asia, mike marshall, selauafter a long wait that included some great mixtapes and signing a distribution deal with koch records, mista cane has finally dropped in my life, a new solo album to follow 2001's  the world as i see it and 2002's who am i? now we begin... cane made a couple good decisions on this release...1) using only three producers which keeps the album cohesive and 2) minimizing guest rappers. having guests on only six of nineteen cuts puts the album closer to an actual "solo album" and helps people pay more attention to what cane has to offer. it would be nice if other rappers would try to incorporate these ideas into their releases.in my life opens with "right now," a short track intended to draw the listener into the album. the backdrop provided by davey d. cohn mixed with some aggressive bars from cane accomplishes just that. the first of three features on the album from the game comes on "the anthem," which also features sean t. cane more than holds his own alongside bay area og sean t and one of the hip hop world's biggest stars. dj iroc who mixed cane's contract year mixtape provides the scratching on the track. the title track gives the listener a glimpse into mista cane's past and mindset and it's another winner from davey d. cohn who reworks foreigner's 1985 classic, "i want to know what love is.""try" a smooth r&b tinged track for the ladies features backing vocals from the legendary mike marshall (formerly of timex social club) who has quickly become the go-to guy for bay area rappers needing classic vocals for their tracks. although davey d. cohn expertly handles thirteen of the nineteen tracks on the album, veteran one drop scott comes through with two of my favorites, "friends" which is a somewhat depressing track about mistrust and lost friendships and "you are everything" which is a great ode to hip hop in the same vein as common's "i used to love h.e.r." and "act too (love of my life)" by the roots among others. cane cleverly expresses his love for hip hop music in a way that i'm sure many people can relate to. his lyrics are backed by selau's soulful chorus and one drop scott's brilliant, sped-up rendition of the stylistic's classic of the same name."...somethin' about you / made me hustle hard off the boulevard / to become somethin' they said i'd never amount to / in this life i question everything, but never doubt you / your history intrigues me / i can't live without you...another bay area og, prohoezak (c-funk for my fellow old school heads or cap'n crunch from rated x for my fellow really old school heads), brings the chorus vocals on "in the summer" which is a smooth, cruising track produced by sean t. for the most part, cane has a straightforward delivery, but on "i remember" he flips it a little bit and rides the beat with a faster flow. it's different for him, but it adds another dimension to the album. the lyrical content here is similar to "in my life." the very strong "nightshift" has mike marshall on background vocals and cane's stories of struggle over another great re-working by davey d. cohn. this time it's the commodore's song of the same name.other noteworthy tracks on in my life include the california ode, "cali state of mind," "slow down," "ain't no sunshine" featuring cali agents (rasco and planet asia) and "hard work" featuring rasco.the hyphy movement has made for a very sad, monotonous few years in bay area hip hop. too many new booties (and some og's) have mimicked each other's bad music to the point where they've essentially cancelled each other out. a handful of artists like the jacka and san quinn have stuck to their guns and put out music with actual lyrics and musicianship.mista cane is another one of those artists and hopefully he, along with the others, will be able to climb out of the glut that hyphy has put the bay in. in my life is a strong step in the right direction for him.download "hard work" featuring rasco off the in my life album.download mista cane's contract year mixtape.pervelous p. entertainmentmista canedavey d. cohnlabels: mista cane, review



posted by doxx at 10:33 am
1 comments






monday, february 26, 2007



	 
	 rip skee 64
	 
    


first off... rip to skee 64, a sacramento heavyweight. apparently, he passed away yesterday from health problems concerning his liver. condolences to his family and friends.related: http://www.myspace.com/skee64i've only got a few things for you today...new mixtape titled the rap game needs me from dow jones and balance. it also comes with a bonus dvd. click here to download some footage of balance performing off that.mixtape tracklist: 1. balance-the rap game needs me2. mitchy slick-got snow3. omar cruz ft. ya boy-we rydaz4. balance ft. chace infinite-bay 2 la5. keak da sneak-that go6. bishop lamont-no stopping carson7. young buck ft. kokane-haters8. balance-fly9. clyde carson-2 step10. balance ft. rank 1 & glasses malone-get low11. young buck-niggas change12. husalah-yo13. messy marv ft. keak da sneak & psd-cuz cuz14. balance-slaps15. mistah fab-hella dumb16. turftalk-got me goin17. mistah fab-ghost ride it18. keak da sneak-hyphy hyphy19. g stack ft. kaz kyzah & eddie projects-18 go dumb20. balance-boomin system21. balance-terminator22. messy marv-see me23. balance ft. problem-weight24. parker brothaz-blah blah25. problem-who wanna problem26. talib kweli ft. strong arm steady-function27. balance-summer time28. dow jones + balance-the rap game needs me outrorelated: www.myspace.com/balanceskillzalbum snippets from the homie m-dash's upcoming solo, keep smoke alive.snippet track list:1. donuts and coffee2. 1 fo the mob w/ husalah3. girlfriend4. fed ex w/ the game, sean t5. ignorant w/ lee majors6. pimp music w/ lee majors, kmx7. mainey muzik w/ lee majors, mistah fab, stizon skrilla, kobra abysmal8. it might go down w/ prohoezakrelated: www.myspace.com/mdash707and finally, here's a new video for "here to stay" from vallejo rapper, topkat. i've never heard of this cat until i saw this video, but i'm looking forward to hearing more. real, solid, non-hyphy song and top quality video. apparently, he has an album titled somethin' in the music dropping april 24th on gmg/sickmix/koch.related: www/myspace.com/topkat



posted by doxx at 6:26 pm
0 comments






wednesday, february 14, 2007



	 
	 hey, you fucks!
	 
    


hey you fucks!!! i went and got myself a goddamned myspace page. i don't really know why, but i was bored a few weeks ago so here you go... http://www.myspace.com/strivin_doxxadd that mufucka.two of my favorite up and coming bay area cats are young rebz aka lil' rebel from richmond and taj-he-spitz from fairfield. well, what do you know? they decided to do a track together and the title and subject matter are right up my alley... "anti-hyphy." download it here.    related: young rebz... http://www.myspace.com/loosecannons510don't know much about this cat graph from new york, but here's a nice new track from him called "glow in the dark." download it here. hopefully his label, black hand entertainment, contacts me soon with some more info and songs.and here's another cat from black hand entertainment by the name of prinz... his new track is called "in my heaven." solid track. download it here.   related: black hand entertainment... http://blackhandent.com/here's mistah fab's debut video with atlantic records for "ghost ride it."and how 'bout a goddamn mini-mixtape from hell razah?february 2007- brooklyn, ny ––as fans eagerly anticipate the release of hell razah's debut album renaissance child, he offers this free mini-mixtape (mixed by winner of justo's mixtape awards, dj rated r) to hold the fans over. this 9 song tribute to the golden era finds razah dropping a medley of gems over those timeless, classic '88 style beats. "i wanted to take it back to when it was just about beats and rhymes. it was that whole marley marl era that had the most influence." explains razah. back into the renaissance contains remakes of songs from greats like big daddy kane, kool g rap & public enemy and is a telltale sign that for this brooklyn mc, hip-hop is back from the dead.best known for his integral role as a member of the late-'90s wu-tang clan spin off group sunz of man(over 350,000 units sold!), hell razah readies himself to unleash his solo debut, renaissance child, feb 20th on nature sounds, and will be available at fine retailers across the country.tracklist:introlet it offearly bird specialbk's most wanted welcome to the      renaissanceheavens dooryoung, right & exactarmagedonoutrodownload it here.



posted by doxx at 6:58 pm
2 comments






saturday, december 30, 2006



	 
	 on some shyne shit, your career... chop it in half
	 
    


the holidays wrapped me the fuck up, but i'm back to give you something before the new year. quick and to the point... my boy mista cane is shittin' on most of the rappers in the bay. no hyphy bullshit, just quality music and verbals. for a sample, download "different world" and "dollas circulate."click here to download the entire contract year mixtape which is mixed by dj iroc of amerika's most wanted dj's.if you want the actual cd for the collection, i've got 3 copies to giveaway. first come, first served so shoot your mailing address to doxx707@yahoo.com.also be ready for his new official album, in my life, droppin' on march 13, 2007 on pervelous p entertainment / alliance music with the distro runnin' through koch. production on the album is handled by davey d cohn (you might remember that he dropped heat rocks on san quinn's last album), sean t and one drop scott. features include the game, san quinn, sean t, cali agents (rasco and planet asia), prohoezak, mike marshall and selau.going by the music i've heard in the past and the stuff on the mixtape above, i know that the official album will be a solid release.related: www.myspace.com/mistacane ... www.pervelouspent.com



posted by doxx at 9:24 am
5 comments






saturday, november 11, 2006



	 
	 some of the things that i know, will be in your next bible
	 
    


here's two tracks off the great new release from lyrics born called overnite encore: lyrics born live! it's seventeen tracks recorded with a live band at shows in australia. plus there's three bonus studio tracks. below is one of the live tracks, "lady don't tek no," and one of the new studio tracks, "knock knock," for you to download. download "lady don't tek no" (mp3)from overnite encore: lyrics born live!by lyrics bornquannum projects buy at itunes music storedownload "knock knock" (mp3)from overnite encore: lyrics born live!by lyrics bornquannum projects buy at itunes music storebootsy-muthafuckin'-collins has a christmas album out right now!funk legend bootsy collins spices up christmas time with his first holiday album, bootsy collins: christmas is 4 ever, a newly recorded cd from shout! factory that mixes four new recordings and nine “bootsyized” yuletide classics. bootsy, whose hits include “ahh...the name is bootsy, baby!,” “bootzilla” and “the pinocchio theory” puts his funky touch to popular christmas favorites “jingle belz (aka jingle bells),” “chestnutz (aka the christmas song),” “winterfunkyland (aka winter wonderland)” and "dis-christmiss (aka this christmas)," originally written and recorded by donny hathaway. bootsy is joined by snoop dogg, who raps on the new “happy holidaze,” and charlie daniels on fiddle and background vocals for the classic “sleigh ride” (which also features vocals by ohio members  players lead singer sugarfoot). additional notable guests include fred wesley and other former james brown collaborators mc danny ray and bobby byrd, as well as former parliament/funkadelicblackbyrd mcknight and bernie worrell. the cd also features holiday greetings from buckethead and roger troutman as well as a message from bishop don magic juan.listen to "boot-off (aka rudolph the red-nosed reindeer)"someone better put that in my damn stocking this year. you can buy it here.



posted by doxx at 10:15 am
3 comments






sunday, october 29, 2006



	 
	 never tell a bitch all yo business 'cause one day she might be an eyewitness
	 
    


hey now, i'm back again. i moved to my new abode on october 7th and got my internet hooked up a few days later, but didn't get around to posting. i was busy getting situated, getting to know the new roomies (and the dog) and getting drunk at the house because my favorite fucking bar is closed down for 35 fucking days because of some bullshit with some undercover alcoholic beverage control agents. so i've been drinking beer in the comfort of my own home lately. we had a pretty sweet halloween party here the other night (i went as dr. goodfinger the gynecologist). spectacular.anyway, here's some rap music related words, images, and sounds for you to read, see and hear. blogging is easy!!san quinn (one of the few guys in the bay who actually deserves some nationwide shine, but hasn't been getting nearly enough) is working on a new album. the tentative title is from a boy to a man. so far the only feature i've heard about is tech n9ne, but quinn really doesn't even need features in my opinion. i do have a list of producers who are contributing to the project: traxamillion, rick rock, daz, dj toomp (who does lots of beats for ti), sean t and davey d cohn (who gave quinn some nice beats on the rock: pressure makes diamonds earlier this year).here's a real nice track produced by dj toomp that is supposedly from the upcoming album:"bring the game to the table" - san quinni still haven't heard the entire nba 2k7 soundtrack that dan the automator produced so i can't say much about it other than the couple songs i've heard are solid, but click here for a recent in-depth, informative interview with the man. if you're too goddamn lazy to read the interview, you can listen to it here. lazy bastard.i love doing this blog shit because it gets me open to so many people i may have never been exposed to. dj deeper from rugged soul records shot me the new album from aarophat, the sound volume 2: vibe music. dude is nice on the mic.here's his bio followed by an album sampler and two full length tracks from the album...for too long, hip-hop has been mired in lyrical mediocrity. today anyone and everyone can pick up the mike and rhyme. emcees are no longer expected or required to elevate. instead they are expected to jump on the bandwagon of the hottest producers, to ill prepare themselves for fleeting success and to take a rapid rocket ride to the top of the charts. lyricists aren't built to last these days. they are massed produced for quick millions and a hot summer single that will fade by the fall. fortunately there is still raw talent bubbling under the surface. riding the wave of a steady fan base and a rock solid reputation, aarophat is the first of a crop of up and coming talent to make himself known. youngstown, ohio's premier lyricist has been writing and rhyming for as long as he can remember. he patterns himself after no one, but with a healthy respect for big daddy kane and rakim, aarophat has set out to blaze new trails and leave his mark on the game.with humble beginnings in the inner city of youngstown, aarophat's story isn't one of hard luck. he's not a killer, a drug dealer or pretending to be anything he's not. he grew up like everyone else, but his love of his craft began early. when those around him were drawn to quick money schemes and the streets, aarophat felt the pull of the studio. everything else became secondary. resisting the traps of small town life, aarophat has cultivated a broad fan base in his hometown and across the world. utilizing the internet as a tool, he has been featured on websites such as skeebo.com, rapmusic.com, and in the mp3.com newsletter. on the strength of his talent alone, he has reached as high as #2 on the mp3.com charts and was featured in an issue of blaze magazine.aarophat's aggressive lyricism adapts him to be equally at home rhyming over mid-tempo beats as he is riding a high powered funk track. he has proven himself to be a universally adept performer, able to appeal to audiences without sacrificing his underground credibility or his creative process. aarophat delivers the total package.he is equally convincing rhyming about black on black crime, suicide or male-female relationships as any other topic that's thrown at him. his unique voice shines brighter than the bass and beat allowing listeners to feel what he offers. there are no tricks here, no production hiding a lack of lyrical skill and no bubblegum hooks to be found. aarophat has a style and presence that can not be measured. he stands alone on the horizon of hip-hop, more than prepared to move mountains.sound volume 2: vibe music sampler - aarophat"two years" - aarophat"let's get bigga" - aarophathere's a new video from young ed (aka big bread ed) for a track called "black t'z and hoody'z."nice to hear he's still keeping it gutter. hopefully this means he has a new album coming soon. for the youngsters, ed dropped a bay area classic called time to stack back in like '96. research it.here's an old school bay area video for you... "sliden" - cobra w/ dru down, knucklehead, otis & shugg...



posted by doxx at 6:13 pm
2 comments






saturday, october 07, 2006



	 
	 hiatus
	 
    


hey kids, i'm moving tomorrow and my internet/phone won't be hooked back up until next thursday so no updates until then. if you know me and need to get a hold of me, you can still leave voicemails at my home number 'cause i'll be checking those or just call me on my cell.once i get finished moving tomorrow i'm gonna drink 1,000 beers because i hate moving and this will be my second move in 5 months. i'm angry.but hey, i just scheduled a 4 day trip to las vegas in february during the super bowl so i'm pretty goddamned happy about that. i may not make it back.



posted by doxx at 1:41 am
0 comments






thursday, september 28, 2006



	 
	 it's like i got that "last dragon" glow
	 
    


the line i used for the title comes from this solid track off the classic 1995 bay area playaz compilation... "can't be stopped" - the delinquents w/ the whoridethat last dragon reference is fuckin' golden. that's old school shit for you chillren's. learn about it.here's a new track for ya... "grippin tha grain" - loose cannonslook and listen for more from this richmond, cali crew in the future.



posted by doxx at 9:44 pm
0 comments






monday, september 18, 2006



	 
	 some mo' of it
	 
    


new shit from motion man and saafir for your listening pleasure.shot to ioda promonet for this sweet ass little toy i got for my blog today. this shit lets me generate posts like this with the album cover, purchase link, song download link, etc... automatically.pablito's waymotion man feat kutmasta kurtthreshold recordings, llc buy at itunes music storedownload "confidence" (mp3, 192kbps)crispy b/w cash me outsaafirabb records buy at itunes music storedownload "crispy (main)" (mp3, 192kbps)



posted by doxx at 10:18 pm
2 comments






sunday, september 17, 2006



	 
	 y'all together couldn't equal me
	 
    


here's the new video from hiero for "don't hate the player" off the nba 2k7 video game soundtrack produced by dan the automator. higher quality version at decon media  download the track... "don't hate the player"_____________________________________________    i'm many weeks late (months, maybe? i suck at blogging.) on posting about this, but here's a download link to spec boogie's album, on my grind.  the gist of it is that he lifted the beats from pharrell's on my mind album and put his own lyrics down. i've never been a huge pharrell fan, but some of his beats have caught my ear so this album is perfect for me.for more on spec boogie i highly recommend checking out loosie, which besides being the label he's on (once there just click the "music" link for the record label side of things), is also a really well done online magazine that you should explore. shot to the loosie promo monkey for hooking me with the album.



posted by doxx at 9:45 pm
0 comments






friday, september 08, 2006



	 
	 snatch you off the stage if you ain't rockin' right
	 
    


so pretty much everyday in my inbox i get all sorts of press releases, album downloads, single downloads, etc... which is great because i get info and music from tons of diverse artists from all over the place that i might never get exposed to if it weren't for this blog. but i've been lagging on posting some of this stuff for you guys and now i feel like a neglectful asshole. so here's "stick n move" by born unique from his solid mixtape, bad news born."stick n move" - born uniquethe guy who produced this song is named dox one which is similar to my name so that's a good start. on top of that, born unique is raw as fuck. dude drops that grimy, gritty, cracked pavement, broken window, bullet hole in the side of the building shit that seems to have taken a backseat in hip hop these days. judging by what i heard on the bad news born mixtape, born unique could be one of those who helps bring it back.by reading his bio and doing a little research i see that he is from virginia and has appeared on his fair share of mixtapes including ones from both kay slay and doo wop. he's also released a few mixtapes of his own that have helped establish him throughout his region. i've been listening to this mixtape a few times a day for weeks now and it's got me anticipating a legit solo album from born. hopefully it's coming soon and gets some good distribution so other regions can have easier access to an impressive talent.note: i'm gonna contact born's label, ok kid entertainment, and see if they'll let me post up another song from the mixtape called "outta ya dome." either that or "bad news born" because both of those are ridiculously good. if for some reason you're not feelin' "stick n move," i guarantee that you'll like one of those two songs.buy the bad news born mixtape at digital hustle (there's a couple of his other mixtapes there too)www.myspace.com/bornunique________________________________________and here's a couple other tracks for you to check out..."fire" - potluck (this is a duo from way up in northern cali. humboldt county to be exact, the goddamn homeland of world famous greenery. they've got two previous releases out i believe and this single is off their upcoming release, straight outta humboldt, which drops september 19th.) http://www.lostkoastproductions.com/"kitty kat" (remix) - 2xl w/ e-40 (2xl are twin brothers on tommy boy records. reaching out to 40 for the remix is a good look.) http://www.2xlonline.com/



posted by doxx at 10:03 pm
0 comments






tuesday, august 22, 2006



	 
	 un-fucking believable
	 
    


apparently someone stole mac dre's tombstone. this shit makes me sick 'cause dre was my folks and a huge reason for me ever being involved in bay area hip hop.if by some slim chance the person who did it is reading this, get your head right and drop that shit off somewhere in the v.ap.9 of the mob figaz is looking for the perp himself.from ap's myspace..."someone stole my nigga mac dre's headstone off his grave and i'm offering 10 thousand dollars out of my own pocket for whoever did it. no cops involved. i just wanna know the name of the nigga that took it and i'll get shit handled myself. this is not a joke. if u know any info about who is involved in the theft of mac dre's tombstone, contact me asap and come get this $10,000 dollars, cash.  pass this info to everyone of ya myspace friends. this nigga cant hide from me, i will find him... contact me at www.myspace.com/ap9"



posted by doxx at 11:37 pm
3 comments






thursday, august 17, 2006



	 
	 too $hort baby, comin' straight from oakland
	 
    


pay homage, bitches. (image via notes from a different kitchen)"rap dirty" - too $hort



posted by doxx at 9:51 pm
1 comments






tuesday, august 15, 2006



	 
	 new shit from dan the automator
	 
    


dan the automator has always made sick collaborations with a wide range of artists like prince paul, del (hieroglyphics), mike pattonn (faith no more), damon albarn (blur), mike simpson (dust brothers), etc..., but this new project he has droppin' on september 19th is my most anticipated i think. it's the soundtrack to the nba 2k7 videogame and it's got a pretty stacked line-up on it as you can see...track listing:1. dan the automator - "intro"2. slim thug - "i love this game"3. rhymefest - "bang the ball"4. hieroglyphics - "don't hate the player"5. fabolous - "ball til you fall"6. aceyalone & rakaa of dilated peoples – "champions"7. e-40 & san quinn - "baller blockin'"8. ghostface & a.g. of d.i.t.c. - "2k007"9. lupe fiasco & evidence of dilated peoples - "catch me"10. mos def & anwar superstar - "here comes the champ"11. charli 2na of jurassic 5 - "anchor man"12. a tribe called quest - "lyrics to go (remix)"13. zion i - "fade away"i love that they got quinn on there. he deserves the shine.here's two tracks to tide you over until the album is released:"don't hate the player" - hieroglyphics"2k007" - ghostface & a.g. of d.i.t.c.



posted by doxx at 10:31 pm
0 comments









	 
	 what's going on
	 
    


in my new effort to expose y'all to different and interesting music, here's something everyone should be interested in. if you're not... expand your mind and taste, loser.the dirty dozen brass band has re-interpreted marvin gaye's entire what's going on album with many special guests. portions of the proceeds go to the tipitina's foundation which benefits the music community of new orleans so buy the album and support people who put their hearts and souls into the music and the city they love. see the end of this post for links to hear "what's going on" featuring chuck d.here's the press release i received which sheds a little more light on the new project and the dirty dozen brass band...  in recognition of the first anniversary of hurricane katrina and the devastation of new orleans and the gulf coast, the dirty dozen brass band will release a meaningful reinterpretation of the marvin gaye classic what’s going on.  thirty-five years after its original release, the evocative themes and social commentary found in the songs on what’s going on are just as relevant today.   guest vocalists chuck d, ivan neville, g. love, guru and bettye lavette contribute to the dirty dozen brass band’s musical message.  in stores august 29th, shout! factory and the dirty dozen brass band will donate a portion of the proceeds from the sale of each copy of what’s going on to the tipitina’s foundation, benefiting the music community of new orleans. just one year ago, hurricane katrina shattered the homes and lives of the residents of new orleans and much of the gulf coast, including the members of the dirty dozen brass band and many of their friends and neighbors. founding members roger lewis, kevin harris and gregory davis’ homes were completely destroyed by the storm and the flooding aftermath, as was the home of trombone player revert andrews. band members terence higgins and efrem towns’ homes remained standing, enduring massive wind and water damage. when discussing their next step musically, the members of the dirty dozen brass band unanimously concluded that they needed an outlet for the overwhelming feelings of loss for their beautiful city and community, and frustration with the government’s response to the disaster, or lack thereof. members of the band had been listening to what’s going on, and finding that the strong sentiments gaye expressed 35 years ago were again resonating loud and clear. reinterpreting each of the nine songs on gaye’s album was simply the right concept at the right time. while gaye’s original was smooth rhythm and blues, the dirty dozen brass band turn in expansive, powerhouse instrumental performances. the resulting album is sexy and explosive. for the past three decades, the dirty dozen brass band has taken the traditional brass band music of new orleans, combined it with funk, jazz, gospel and soul, and introduced it to the rest of the world. over the years, they’ve won the approval of fans, critics, and the taste-making musicians they’ve collaborated with including dizzy gillespie, elvis costello, dave matthews, widespread panic and modest mouse. "what's going on" featuring chuck d (quicktime)"what's going on" featuring chuck d (windows media)official website 



posted by doxx at 9:44 pm
1 comments






thursday, august 10, 2006



	 
	 og shit
	 
    


isaac washington was a bitch gettin' machine.



posted by doxx at 11:58 am
0 comments






friday, august 04, 2006



	 
	 to quote my friend 24k... "piss yeah!!!"
	 
    


hollywood, for the most part, is full of dipshits who greenlight a bunch of crap and make way too much money because america, for the most part, is full of fuckin' retards who'll flock like sheep to the goddamn theater to see some garbage because their lives suck.but once in a while hollywood releases something that makes going to the theater worth it... http://beerfestmovie.warnerbros.com/ beerfest is from broken lizard, the same people who did super troopers, and from the looks of things it will be superb. anyone who knows me knows i love beer eternally and unconditionally so this movie will undoubtedly become one of my all-time favorites, taking its rightful place alongside strange brew (the greatest movie about drunk canadians ever). by the way, if you haven't seen strange brew, your life sucks. buy it immediately.



posted by doxx at 1:27 am
4 comments











about me

name:  doxx 
location:  707, california, united states 
view my complete profile
this little ipod thingamajig is my new favorite toy. i'll pretty much always have 10 tracks in rotation on it so be sure to click the ">>" button to scroll through all of them. i'll have some classics on there as well as some rare treats for ya.the strivin' blog first started out as an exclusively bay area hip hop blog, but i decideded that there's so much more out there that i want to talk about so i've expanded my focus to cover music from all over the place. my mind is open and i hope the minds of my readers are open as well. plus i've decided to post about other shit whenever the hell i want. that includes beer, movies, food, bitches, my drinking escapades, random thoughts, biased opinions, more beer and some other shit. have no fear though, i do still love bay area hip hop so it'll always have a place at strivin'.


click here for a brief history lesson about doxx and the original strivin' print magazine.



any music posted at strivin' is for promotional purposes only and is intended to give visitors a taste of what the artist has to offer. any artist/record label who objects to their music being posted can contact doxx and the music in question will be removed.
links

bay.watch! still alive???
beer and rap
better than yours
bronx rap
byron crawford
can't hang
catchdubs
city of dope
cocaine blunts & hip hop tapes
cubicle gangster
notes from a different kitchen
hip hop blogs
hip hop blogz
hip hop ruckus
melatone music
nah right
nation of thizzlam
respond2bass still alive???
siccness
somanyshrimp
the bay is in the area
the mecca that is tha bay
the smoking section
west coast rydaz

previous posts

moving day
malice & mr. illmannered's b-day bash
king of the yay tournament
rip tony thompson
you want my spirit & soul? i'll give you my life. ...
mista cane - in my life
rip skee 64
hey, you fucks!
on some shyne shit, your career... chop it in half
some of the things that i know, will be in your ne...

archives

july 2005
august 2005
september 2005
october 2005
november 2005
december 2005
january 2006
february 2006
march 2006
april 2006
may 2006
june 2006
july 2006
august 2006
september 2006
october 2006
november 2006
december 2006
february 2007
april 2007
june 2007
august 2007
september 2007
october 2007









 




 


