





european-petroleum-technology






please open facebook in new tab 
		or window  



oil & gas / pennwell  

		 

european petrotech   



		 www.european-petroleum-technology.com




 energy oil & gas, petrochem & 
			ocean technology  

.





				most-read publications inthe global oil & gas industry





drägersolutions for the oil & gas industry






partner country2017 poland





				mapsearchpennenergy researchmarketing solutionsprofessional education





  


general 
		interest |




upstream | 

midstream | downstream | ocean 
		energy/renewables | 
		
equipment | market 
		forecasts | events | videos | 


imprint

.»
more
			
oil & gas news ... source oil & gas 
			journal »
			more offshore news ... source offshore magazine 
» 
				more oil, gas & petrochem 
				equipment news  ...  source ogpe.com
»
enewsletter from the 
		editors of oil & gas journal ... offshore magazine ... oil, 
		gas & petrochem equipment










 










more european 
							petrotech news (please open facebook in new tab or window)








oil and gas issues unsettled after uk vote to leave eu
by bob tippee, oil & gas journal, editor-in-chief








       
      june 27, 2016   + + +  policies affecting oil and 
	  natural gas join myriad issues thrown into question by the uk’s vote on 
	  june 23 to withdraw from the european union ... read more




       
      					   



saudi vision 2030saudi aramco issues support of saudi vision 
	  2030








       
      april 27, 2016 + + + saudi aramco has released a statement noting 
	  that it “unequivocally supports” the saudi vision 2030 economic plan. saudi vision 2030, presented and approved april 25 by the kingdom’s 
	  government, is an initiative designed to sustain economic growth, 
	  diversification, and job creation within saudi arabia despite the weak 
	  market brought about by the “lower for longer” oil price scenario. amin h. nasser, president and ceo of 
	  saudi aramco, said: “the kingdom’s transformation vision demands 
	  innovation, technology, and r&d to spur a new era of industrial growth 
	  ... read more




       
      					     




dnv gl initiates 43 new collaboration projects for 2016 to help safely 
	  reduce costs








       
      april 13, 2016 
	  + + + in a period of cost constraint and increasingly complex oil & gas 
	  production, finding solutions that increase efficiency and production has 
	  never been more important. to address the industry’s need for smart 
	  solutions that reduce complexity, dnv gl is funding 43 new joint industry 
	  projects in 2016 in addition to launching a new step change innovation 
	  programme to help customers leverage opportunities from digitalization. both initiatives are based on closed interaction and collaboration 
	  with industry partners. key focus areas for dnv gl in 2016 will be to 
	  address challenges on standardization, operations (opex services), safety, 
	  environment, regulations and performance ... read more




       
      					     



siemens presents industrie 4.0 solutions for the oil and gas sector in 
	  houston








       
      april 1, 2016   + + +  siemens has met on march 
	  30 and 31 in houston, texas, with several hundred industry experts at the 
	  siemens oil and gas innovations conference (sogic) 2016 to talk about 
	  digital solutions for the oil and gas industry.
       
       in the future, offshore platforms are to be increasingly controlled 
	  and operated from onshore locations. siemens managing board member 
	  lisa davis explained at sogic how production companies can reduce their 
	  costs while increasing production. siemens is delivering, for example, a 
	  fully integrated digital solution package comprising electrical equipment, 
	  instrumentation, process control and telecommunication systems for the 
	  norwegian oil platform ivar aasen in the north sea ... read more 
	    



       
      					     



gazprom and omv sign documents to develop strategic cooperation








       
      april 1, 2016 + + + alexey miller, chairman of the gazprom management 
	  committee, and rainer seele, chairman of the executive board of omv ag, 
	  today signed in st. petersburg a number of documents aimed at developing 
	  the strategic cooperation between the companies ... read more 
	    



       
      					     





							iran eyes european gas market 


							article by vagif 
							sharifov, 
							oil price analyst & expert in energy markets at trend 
							news agency ( ©
							
							www.gastechnews.com )









       
	  2016, march 15 + + +
	  
iran intends to enter an unequal battle for the european gas markets – 
	  albeit without pipelines. europe has promised to buy all the gas available 
	  amid falling local production and increasing gas demand. read the full 
	  article, published by the news and ressource centre of gastech, 
	  organiser of the gastech conference and exhibition in april 2017 in 
	  tokyo, japan










aramco to nearly double natural gas production in decade







       
	  2016, march 09 + + + saudi aramco plans to nearly double its natural 
	  gas production to 23 standard bcfd in 10 years, aramco chief executive 
	  officer amin nasser told an industry conference in jubail on mar. 8.  having already increased its gas output to more than 12 bcfd from 3.5 
	  billion bcfd during the early 1980s, aramco has set a production goal for 
	  the coming decade  ... read more  



       
      					     




iran-oman gas pipeline feasibility study by mid-august







       
	  march 01, 2016  + + +  the managing director of the national 
	  iranian gas export company (nigec) alireza kameli said that the 
	  feasibility study on construction of iran-oman gas pipeline will be 
	  completed by mid-august. “study on the land section started two months ago 
	  while the seabed section which is delegated to the iranian offshore 
	  engineering and construction company (ioec) will be finished by 
	  mid-august,” kameli added  ... read more  
       
	   







       
       



the big question in the energy sector today is whether the world will move 
	  to a zero-carbon policy in which fossil fuel, including natural gas, have 
	  no place, or a world in which natural gas is part of the solution, says 
	  robert johnston, ceo of the prestigious us-based research and consulting 
	  firm eurasia group, in an interview with world energy focus. johnston 
	  advises oil and gas companies to "take a seat at the policy table and 
	  advocate for gas to counter growing demands to exclude natural gas"from an interview published by 'world energy focus' - february 2016. wef 
	  is the publication of the world energy council. 
click here to open the 
	  issue and get the full interview.





       
       




volga-dnepr's 
	  il-76td-90vd aircraft ‘parachutes’ cargo to remote antarctic airfield + + 
	  + volga-dnepr airlines has completed its first-ever ‘air drop’ by 
	  parachuting 208 barrels of fuel from an il-76td-90vd freighter onto a 
	  remote airfield in the antarctic. more:
	  
	  http://www.volga-dnepr.com/en/press-center/news/3604/








       
       





exxonmobil: energy outlook sees demand up, carbon intensity down









       
	  jan 25, 2016   + + +  global energy demand will 
	  increase 25% between 2014 and 2040, driven by population growth and 
	  economic expansion, according to exxonmobil corp.’s 2016 outlook for 
	  energy. most of this growth will occur in nations outside the oecd.  + 
	  + +
       
      in 2040, oil will provide one third of the world’s energy, remaining the 
	  no. 1 source of fuel, and natural gas will move into second place.
	  natural gas is expected to meet about 40% of 
	  the growth in global energy needs and demand for the fuel will increase by 
	  50%. in 2040, oil and natural gas are expected to make up nearly 60% of 
	  global supplies ... read more



       
       





world energy focus annual 2015energy for all









nov. 21, 2015   + + +  
	  the world energy council presents the 
	  annual issue of their magazine world energy focus. this year’s annual publication is divided into four sections: 
	  climate, markets, africa and the 2016 world energy congress featuring 
	  interviews and articles from ceo’s, energy ministers and leaders from 
	  across the world along with contributions from the council itself. 
	  > 
click here to 
	  register for the free download of the world energy annual focus from 
	  the wec-website ... and/or for the free world energy focus monthly enewsletter  ... 
	  read more
       
	   



       
       




uk energy policy to cut coal, boost gas
       
       






       
	  nov. 18, 2015   + + +   the uk, in a major policy 
	  shift, will boost the use of natural gas and nuclear energy, end the use 
	  of coal within 10 years, and limit subsidization of renewable energy. 
	  speaking nov. 18 at the institution of civil engineers in london, amber 
	  rudd, secretary of state for energy and climate change, declared, “energy 
	  security has to be the number-one priority.” ... read more



       
       




sulzer appoints greg poux-guillaume as new ceo
       
       






       
	  nov. 18, 2015   + + +   the board of directors of 
	  sulzer has appointed greg poux-guillaume, until now president and ceo of 
	  alstom grid, a world leader in power transmission, as sulzer’s new chief 
	  executive officer, effective december 1, 2015. frenchman greg 
	  poux-guillaume, 45 years old, was also a member of alstom’s executive 
	  committee. he has extensive global experience in many of sulzer’s key 
	  markets—particularly the oil and gas and power markets—and a strong track 
	  record of leading restructurings and building global businesses. ... read 
	  more 



       
       





making the case for an all-subsea development
by david paganie • houston
       
       






       
	  oct. 2015   + + + statoil and its partners are moving the 
	  industry one step closer to an all-subsea field development solution. last 
	  month, following a lengthy qualification and testing period, the 
	  industry's first subsea gas compression facility became operational in the 
	  norwegian sea. it also marks a milestone in statoil's quest to qualify and 
	  prove all of the elements of a full-scale
 "subsea factory." ... read 
	  more



       
       




complete europe’s gas infrastructure first, eurogas chief recommends
       
       






       
	  oct. 23, 2015  + + +  europe should concentrate 
	  more on completing its natural gas systems and less on trying to reduce 
	  demand or building more lng import terminals, suggested the president of 
	  eurogas, a 44-member organization based in brussels that represents 
	  europe’s gas wholesale, retail, and distribution sectors. “when europe 
	  believes it has a problem with dominance of a certain supplier—and that 
	  usually means russia—the solution should not be lower imports but more 
	  suppliers to encourage competition. that’s the healthy approach,” said 
	  gertjan lankhorst ... read more  



       
       





aker solutions and man diesel & turbo form subsea compression alliance
       
       



photo: 
	  aker solutions subsea image


       
      oct. 16, 2015   + + +  aker solutions and man diesel & turbo agreed to 
	  form an alliance to develop the next generation in subsea compression 
	  systems that can be used at even the smallest oil and gas fields to 
	  increase recovery and lower costs compared with conventional platform 
	  solutions. the two companies will build on their experience and 
	  cooperation from the 
	  successful delivery of the world's first full-scale 
	  subsea gas compression system at the åsgard field in norway. a key 
	  objective of the partnership is to develop new, cost-effective technology 
	  for high-capacity subsea compression systems ... more. 
       
       



       
       




dea accelerates its growth strategy . . .  acquisition of e.on’s 
	  norwegian assets
       
       






       
      oct. 
	  14, 2015   + + +   dea 
	  deutsche erdoel ag acquires 100% of the 
	  shares of e.on’s norwegian oil and gas business to create an 
	  enlarged norwegian portfolio more than doubling its current production in 
	  norway to 75,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day (boe/d). this 
	  acquisition also provides access to promising growth options through 
	  material development and exploration. the value of the transaction is 
	  us$1.6 billion, including us$100 million of cash on the balance sheet as 
	  at the effective date of january 1st 2015. > 
	  read more from dea 
	  >  read more 
	  from e.on
       
       



       
       




basf/wintershall and gazprom celebrate 25-year partnership
       
       






       
      oct. 12, 2015   + + +  basf/wintershall and gazprom have 
	  already been cooperating successfully for a quarter of a century. the two 
	  companies laid the foundations for their cooperation in autumn 1990 with a 
	  long-term agreement to market russian natural gas in germany. just 
	  recently they decided to extend their cooperation at the source and to 
	  expand the joint natural gas production in siberia. additionally, together 
	  with other partners, the companies are also planning the extension of the 
	  nord stream baltic sea pipeline  ... more. 
       
       



       
       





j d neuhaus offers proven performance based on 270 years of 
	  experience  


       
       






       
	  sept. 09, 2015 marks 270 years of manufacturing for the german based 
	  hoist and crane manufacturer j d neuhaus, 
and after seven generations, the
company is still managed by a descendant of the original owner. load 
	  handling equipment supplied by j d neuhaus is now utilised throughout the 
	  world, from small engineering workshops up to large organisations and 
	  including some of the heaviest and most demanding handling operations, 
	  even under extreme operating conditions. their world market leader status 
	  is backed-up with a service and supply organisation established in more 
	  than 90 countries together with over 70 branches ... more
       
       



       
       



click here for more news published 2015 
	  and earlier




       
       



       
       








       
       

       
       







       
       







 



.


















pennwell oil & gas division
magazines - websites - newsletters 
				 














oil & gas 
							journal


















  » 
							

















mediakit





offshore 
							magazine  





















							 
							»




















































							mediakit





oil, gas & 
							petrochem equipment

































							 
							»

































							mediakit




ogj unconventional journal

















































							 
							»









































							mediakit






							oil & gas financial journal

























































							 
							»










































							mediakit














oil & gas 
							journal russia
































							 
							»
























							mediakit





offshore 
							russia











































							 
							»
























							mediakit


























































							  
							» 
		oil & gas journal 
							free newsletter


























































							  
							» 
		
offshore free newsletter





















for more 
							informationplease contact andreas sicking 
							wilhelms@pennwell.com phone +49 (0)2902-338570





















oil & gas journal 
		russia and offshore russia presentend by nedra publishing at mioge 2015 
		in moscow 






+ + + call for papers now open  
				+ + + 




 
				world energy focus, publication of 
				the world energy council, issue february 2016 - © world 
				energy focus


				 

				 




                 



