




















atlanta open dancesport spectacular: 













				may 8 - 10, 2025
				crowne plaza atlanta perimeter at ravinia
				atlanta, ga
			













welcome! atlanta open will celebrate our 28th year in 2025 and it is our great pleasure to invite you to join us! the south is known for its warmth and hospitality and atlanta knows how to do it best. come for the dancing and then extend your stay and experience everything atlanta has to offer.our beautiful hotel, crowne plaza atlanta perimeter at ravinia, is surrounded by world class restaurants and attractions. southern hospitality at its finest will greet you from a hotel staff that loves atlanta open and taking good care of the dancers. the hotel is a flagship crowne plaza property and a preferred hotel of the atlanta braves. enjoy two restaurants with indoor and outdoor dining, a grab & go shop, on-site parking and plenty of spcae to relax throughout the hotel.new this year is our jam-packed thursday evening! we are thrilled to offer all atlanta open competitors a complimentary dance camp on thursday evening featuring seminars from dance champions! following the dance camp, join us for our new nightclub event - cola club night. dress in red & white or coca-cola apparel and dance the night away! plus enjoy a refreshing coca-cola soda bar.we are a proud member of world pro-am dancesport series and the youth fordney foundation! the 2025 atlanta open will feature the best of the best challenge, where the winners will face off for the opportunity to win a coveted invitation to represent atlanta open at ohio star ball this november. atlanta open is the original home of the best of the best events. we're excited to offer best of the best scholarships in all levels, best of the best gentlemen's only and best of the best closed showdance / showcase / theater arts events.atlanta open... where the best of the best come to compete! see you this spring!sam sodano, debbie avalosand sarwat kalubyorganizers










atlanta open dancesport spectacular
sam sodano, debbie kusumi and sarwat kaluby
							po box 14442
							columbus, oh 43214
 (740)969-2431
 compbrenda@aol.com
 /atlantaopendancesport


















home


event info


dates & deadlines


hotel info


partners & series




competitors


entry forms


tickets


judges & officials




spectators


tickets




contact






