


investment quality trends | tools and articles for professional money managers and diy investors






































subscriber login
      |  
    renew subscription
      |   
    become a subscriber




home (current)

link


          dropdown
        

action
another action

something else here



disabled





        search
      





home






about kelley (current)


subscription options (current)


newsletter performance stats



            content overview
          

newsletter overview
understanding data tables
value id basics
dividends and yields
about the charts
blue chip criterion





            key features
          

lucky 13
the timely ten
investment outlook
baby blue chips

recent articles



hulbert honor roll stats


contact





next issue:  march 1, 2025


















subscription options


top 300 dividend paying stocks

        there are over 5,000 publicly traded stocks for investors to choose from. but, there are only about 300 stocks that meet the blue chip criteria. we identify and analyze the top 300 dividend-paying stocks for undervalue (our buying discipline) and overvalue (our selling discipline) prices and publish detailed statistical information twice a month, categorizing the stocks with buy, sell, hold, and ignore recommendations.
get started
we have thousands of subscribers -- each with their own individual goals. iq trends provides all the data so you can formulate your own strategies with confidence. our mission is to provide investors the research, analysis and tools to identify high-quality, blue-chip stocks and to know when they offer good value. this is the information you need to make informed buy, sell and hold decisions about stocks for your portfolio.

      subscription benefits

download instant digital issues as soon as they are published
 complete access to charts, graphs, spreadsheets and past issues for easy reference or to do your own analysis.
gain confidence to invest in individual stocks vs. mutual funds and etf's.
learn new investment strategies you can use immediately. 



 
        






        why iq trends?  our consistent track record sets us apart!




track record
iq trends is not a trading strategy or a buy-list, and it’s not a “hold-forever” strategy either. since 1966, iqt has been helping its subscribers select and maintain investment portfolios with their personal preferences and risk tolerance in mind.




our mission
we provide investors the research, analysis and tools to identify high-quality, blue-chip stocks and to know when they offer good value. this information will help you make informed buy, sell and hold decisions about stocks for your portfolio.




top dividend stocks
we identify and analyze the top 300 dividend-paying stocks and publish detailed statistical information twice a month, categorizing the stocks with buy, sell, hold, and ignor recommendations.





low risk
our approach to investing is simple, logical, low-risk and consistently profitable. iqt has earned the highest rankings from the hulbert financial digest for risk-adjusted returns and for timely information on the top dividend-paying stocks.







 
 


what it all means...
if you are new to iq trends there are two videos below that will help get you started with our philosophies and methods so you can hit the ground running.





video introduction part 1
this introduction video will help familiarize you with the iqt investment culture, philosophies, language, basic concepts and tools to help you get started. (40 minutes run time)



video introduction part 2
below is video number two of our introduction series to help you get up to speed faster. this tutorial covers:

the philosophy of value investing from the iq trends perspective 
 why dividend paying stocks are the best vehicle for realizing return on investment  
a review of the criteria for select blue chips, and the dividend yield theory  
run time 29 minutes




video introduction part 3
why stock charts are important. the common features of all charts. what makes iq trends charts different. how the undervalue/overvalue are are identified. (26 minutes)



 



get started

subscription pricing options

newsletter features

timely ten
lucky 13
investment outlook
baby blue chips 
chart archive & expanded data grids (for subscribers only)


         

      

newsletter content

newsletter overview
understanding data tables 
value id basics
blue chip criterion
dividends & yields
 about the charts

the fine print

disclosures
privacy policy
terms of use 


         

      

newsletter performance

performance statistics
hulbert honor roll statistics

contact
we love to hear from our subscribers so reach out any time. kelley will answer your emails and calls personally. send to subscribers@iqtrends.com.

 

download agreement forms

dividend value intro
investment consulting services agreement
investment management services agreement
iqt select blue chip folio management services agreement 


         

      



iq trends     •     27132b paseo espada     •     suite 1222     •     san juan capistrano, ca 92675     •     subscribers@iqtrends.com


















