southeastern arizona governments organization
homeaboutabout usabout seago/cogsorganizational informationboard, councils and committeesorg chartour membersprogramsarea agency on agingarea plan on agingadvance care planningcase managementfamily caregiver supporthealth promotionstate health insurance assistance programlegal assistancein home serviceslong term care ombudsmanmeals programsenior housingsoutheastern arizona elder abuse task forcetransportation resourcesvolunteer opportunitiescommunity developmentcares act mortgage and utility assistancewhat is cdbg?grant eligibilityseago regional accountmethod of distributionstate competitive accountseconomic developmentbrownfields property redevelopment programrural energy for america programtransportationmobility management/transitseagomobility.orgtransit asset mgmttransportation improvement program (tip)traffic and population datastrategic highway safety planmaps/gisresourceseventsseago meetingscommunity calendardocument archivemorenoticestitle vi/nondiscriminationpublic notices/employmentcontactstaff directorynews





economic development


            
        
      
       
transportation and mobility management



area agency on aging

   
                     
                                     
community development





meetings
aaa events
rfps/rfqs
jobs 
covid-19
southeastern arizona governments organization (seago) is a regional planning agency, otherwise known as a council of governments. a council of governments (cog), or regional council, is a public organization encompassing a multi-jurisdictional regional community. a cog serves the local governments and the citizens in the region by dealing with issues and needs that cross city, town, county, state, and in the case of arizona, even international boundaries. mechanisms used to address these issues may include communication, planning, policymaking, coordination, advocacy, and technical assistance.  seago members include cochise county, benson, bisbee, douglas, huachuca city, sierra vista, tombstone, willcox, graham county, pima, safford, thatcher, greenlee county, clifton, duncan, santa cruz county, nogales, patagonia, and the san carlos apache tribe.

public comments requested for the draft nogales area transit feasibility study​in 2023, southeastern arizona governments organization (seago) was awarded a transit planning grant from arizona department of transportation (azdot) with funds from the federal transit administration to conduct a transit feasibility study. this study is focused on the city of nogales and the community of rio rico and the interstate-19 corridor that connects them.  the study includes analysis of transportation supply, demand, and recommends a phased approach to increasing transit resources in the area.  the purpose of the nogales area transit feasibility study is to examine the potential for increasing public transit options for residents and visitors in the nogales/rio rico area and recommend strategies that would result in an accessible, affordable, and sustainable public transit system(s).  please use the contact us form below to send us your comments.  click the report cover to view the full draft report.​
2024-2028 strategic plan
2025 - 2027 cdbg method of distribution
2021-2025 comp. economic development strategy
2024-2028 area plan on aging
2024-2025 transportation coordination plan update


upcoming committee meetings:

office location:1403 w. hwy 92bisbee, az 85603tel: 520.432.5301tel: 520.432.2528 (area agency on aging)




© 2000-2025 southeastern arizona governments organization.                                                                                        for website support please contact webmaster.

