






best pest control fort lauderdale | pest control company fort lauderdale

































 954-862-1723
							

 305-234-6574
							

 alliedpestfl@gmail.com





best pest control fort lauderdale





request a quote


















home
about us
services
faq
testimonials
contact
 pest control

ant control
bed bug control
beetle control
cockroach control
flea & tick control
fly control
mice control
mosquito control
moth control
rat control
spider control
termite control
wasps &  bees control
















with one call


we whack 'em all!













we are the experts


in pest control













we care about


your pest infestation






















residential pest control

allied pest management specializes in providing quality pest control services for both residents in the south florida area.  












commercial pest control

allied pest management provides comprehensive pest control services for commercial facilities with a special focus on various pests. 












pest prevention

we provide termite defense and monitoring systems to ensure you stay pest free. we're experts when it comes to termites & pests.









schedule a free inspection
						















ask a quote




















pest control



view all pest control










cockroach control











fly control











wasps & bees control











rat control











mosquito control











termite control











ant control











mice control











flea & tick control











moth control











spider control











beetle control















why allied?










one-time extermination
thereaï¿½?s no place for these unwanted guests in your home or business. contact us at allied pest management to send them packing! we will develop a customized pest control program to meet your specific needs.









monthly maintenance
since many pests are active year-round, year-round protection is the best protection. try our preventative maintenance program to make sure that the pests donaï¿½?t come back to infest your home or business. 









full service pest removal
we are ready to rid your home or office of unwanted pests regardless of how small or large your pest problem may be. we offer treatments and techniques that will get the job done.









competitive prices
we offer a variety of packages with competitive pricing to solve your pest problems. ask about a one time visit or our ongoing preventative maintenance plans.









who we are










our professionally trained pest control specialists have the technical knowledge to solve any pest needs for any size commercial or industrial facility, as well as the knowledge and expertise to give your home the unique treatment it requires. you can depend on allied pest managementaï¿½?s quality pest control services to solve your toughest pest problems.














allied pest management














pest control fort lauderdale
unlike most pest control services out there that have a one size fits all program, allied pest management designs a program around your pest situation. we will eliminate any existing pest activity and then continue to protect your home or business with our regular services. we aren't just about eliminating the pests in your home; we strive to keep them under control. our certified pest control operators and technicians will inspect and evaluate your home or building to design a treatment program to fit your needs. we are the premier pest control service provider in fort lauderdale. we welcome you and invite you to take a moment to explore the many unique characteristics, which embody our staff and services and distinguish us from others in the fort lauderdale area.




insect control fort lauderdale
at allied pest management, we know you have many options for fort lauderdale pest control services. we provide pest control services to fort lauderdale residents with a focus on customer service. throughout fort lauderdale, weaï¿½?ve established a reputation for pest control that is thorough, effective and environmentally-friendly. so no matter the problem, whether termites, scorpions, rodents or other pests, we deliver results. we provide the ultimate in professional preventive-maintenance pest control programs that maximize public health protection against incursions of pest animals by using protocols, techniques and materials that yield timely and effective protection, all while demonstrating minimal adverse effects upon the environment.




pest control fort lauderdale
 we will develop a customized pest control program to meet your homeaï¿½?s specific needs. you can depend on allied pest managementaï¿½?s quality pest control services to solve your toughest pest problems. allied pest management understands that on-going training and education is necessary in order to ensure the best quality of service to our valued customers. this is why we constantly strive to stay updated with the latest pest control and termite treatment techniques available in this industry to date..



























testimonials









next day service and same day satisfaction. my mouse issue has gone from drama to nada! so pleased with the folks at allied pest management. strongly recommend this company for anyone with creepy crawly badness.aï¿½?




										gary pest controlled








i called them and was lucky enough to get a next day appointment. the technician was punctual, efficient and really nice. my rodent problem was in the crawlspace. we had a little family in there apparently. the tech baited them and took care of the whole crew in less than an hour. i was floored with the work and will be calling them if i ever need pest control services.aï¿½?




										steve buggin' out








allied pest management was punctual and accommodating. they responded to my request immediately. they were very knowledgeable. they came when they said they would. they were able to come early to accommodate my plans. they provided written/email confirmation after our initial contact. they answered all my questions and areas of concern. they were informative. they performed the job timely and they were neat. they paid attention and were able to preview the job before immediately jumping in so that it was done with knowledge. they cleaned up and were very courteous. they offered a guarantee and paperwork at the time of completion. "i will use them again, if i develop a problem in the future or if someone needs a referral.aï¿½?




										arnold joseph allied pest management put my mind at ease









									i am not a big fan of spiders, especially waking up to them crawling around on my bed...gross! i called allied pest management and they were very helpful. they came to my place the next day and i was so impressed with how efficient they were. i can finally sleep worry free! aï¿½?
									




										jean love these guys.








i own an older house in fort lauderdale. i hate to say it, but i had a little rodent infestation last month. apparently they were getting in through a little hole in the foundation. i called allied pest management and they were awesome from start to finish. the lady on the phone was a customer service pro. traps were set and they patched up the hole for a reasonable price. the guy that came to the house was clean, well-spoken and polite (not what i expected from a pest control company). seamless service. i would highly recommend allied pest management pest control to anyone. allied pest management is the best.




										lamar witherspoon great service from start to finish








i fear spiders more than death itself! last month i was watching a movie with a friend when a spider crawled across the floor in front of the tv. after getting the daylights scared out of me, my friend said that i should call pest control and get rid of all the spiders and bugs. after a sleepless night i called allied pest management and they arrived next day. it seems like they did a bang-up job since i haven't seen those 8 legged freaks since! definitely worth coughing up a few bucks for piece of mind.aï¿½?




										anastasia spiders gone for good








came back from vacation and was welcomed by what seemed hundreds of ants! contacted allied pest management, they came out right away. quoted me a reasonable price and no more ants! it's been 2 weeks and haven't spotted one ant. yay! aï¿½?




										sylvia no more ants








i called at around 1:30pm to see when someone could get out to take a look at my place and hopefully get rid of the mice, and by 3:30pm the work was halfway thru! there was a technician finishing up near me apparently and he would stop by to see what the problem was when he was done. the guy came in, inspected all over the house, new exactly what the problem was and began to close up holes along with other safe options. great job, and i will definitely know exactly who to call if i ever have any other rodent or pest problems in the future.




										jason i may actually sleep tonight.















































got bugs?
don't hesitate to contact us today.

contact us










                    tags:  pest control control fort lauderdale
 













got pests in broward? call now!
954-862-1723









we are open -
mon - fri 08:00 - 6:00









got pests in dade? call now!
305-234-6574








about allied pest

at allied pest management, we know you have many options for pest control services. we provide pest control services to clients with a focus on customer service. weaï¿½?ve established a reputation for pest control that is thorough, effective and environmentally-friendly. so no matter the problem, whether termites, scorpions, rodents or other pests, we deliver results.





we  accept:







  member of:















© 2010 - 2024 allied pest management
						website design & internet marketing by online services idm
pest control broward | pest control fort lauderdale | pest control davie | pest control miami | pest control plantation 
locations |  blog














