





m.j. schulz & associates, inc.







m.j. schulz & associates, inc.




corporate missions: forensic fire and explosion incident analysis ----- trial services and litigation support




home
forensic services
codes/standards analysis
wildland fires
transportation fires
trial services
client testimonials
technology - scanning
technology - uav's
forensic activities
principal's c.v.
forensic rate schedule
forensic licenses
forensic affiliations
forensic client downloads
legal disclaimer




 










professional services
















forensic fire and explosion incident analysis










trial services and litigation support













corporate guidance





















m.j. schulz & associates, inc. is headed by michael j. schulz, an internationally known consultant in safety, security and emergency management issues with a specialized focus in the forensic investigation and analysis of hostile fire and explosion incidents. his professional consulting and related academic endeavors have been recognized both here in the united states and abroad. mr. schulz holds a master of science (m.s.) degree from eastern kentucky university in safety, security and emergency management and a bachelor of science (b.s.) degree, magna cum laude, from the university of cincinnati in fire and safety engineering technology. he also holds a certificate in fire science from the university of cincinnati.
he currently holds a number of professional competency certifications issued by professional organizations that have rigorously reviewed and validated his professional education, training and experience. he maintains those certifications through required continuing education activities and continued professional activity in the field.
he has qualified as an expert witness in federal, state and local courts, as well as in administrative law hearings for both governmental and industry agencies.





















the trial services and litigation support division of m.j. schulz & associates, inc. is managed by director allie steinmuller - schulz.  she joins her husband in a professional collaboration that allows them to serve clients beginning at the incident scene, through all stages of civil litigation and culminating in the courtroom. she is professionally educated and trained as a paralegal and served for many years as an administrator for a prestigious san francisco law firm.  as a result of this rewarding experience, she is well versed in all aspects of civil litigation and preparing a case for trial.
most recently, she served as the project coordinator for several plaintiff law firms at the center of the california north bay wildland fire litigation. she was responsible for supporting the work of subject matter experts, coordinating the documentation of individual client losses by employiong a variety of cutting edge technologies and conducting and memorializing client/victim impact statements.
she maintains a natiional network of experienced court reporters, photographers, videographers, trial technicians, graphic artists, visual evidence practitioners, animators, forensic computer analysts, commerial drone operators and trial war room equipment vendors. having worked in the legal field for nearly two decades, she takes great pride in helping clients identify and employ trial services and litigation support products to best sereve their needs and budgets.
she stands ready to serve and assist all clients in any type of civil or criminal litigation in any jurisdiction. her practice is not limited exclusively to those matters related to forensic fire and explosion incident analysis.









contact us










office toll-free:  (800) 310-2891

michael schulz cell/text message: (630) 258-9472
michael schulz satellite: (480) 752-4751
allie schulz cell/text message: (916) 835-1524


corporate business office



915 highland pointe drivesuite 250roseville, ca 95678


electronic mail

mjschulz@mjschulz.com 
aschulz@mjschulz.com


dropbox electronic delivery

mjschulz@mjschulz.com
aschulz@mjschulz.com

















copyright 2000 - m.j. schulz & associates, inc. - all rights reserved 









 



 





