







marilee's bridal





































































































              home
            

              our collections
            

            reviews
          



            events & promotions
          

            book an appointment
          

            contact us
          



















































































homeour collectionsreviews











events & promotionsbook an appointmentcontact us









scroll












          marilee's is closed on sun. feb. 16 due to weather
        

          marilee's is closed on sun. feb. 16 due to weather
        

          〰️
        











marilee's is closed on sun. feb. 16 due to weather
marilee's is closed on sun. feb. 16 due to weather
〰️










        marilee's is closed on sun. feb. 16 due to weather marilee's is closed on sun. feb. 16 due to weather 〰️ 
      






your dress is waiting at marilee’s!














we are here to make your dress shopping experience a memorable one. come and see us to look and feel beautiful on your special day! shops on 20 plaza, 160 highway 20 e  fonthill, on  (905) 892-6634 email:  marileesbridal@gmail.com   store hours closed sun. feb. 16th due to inclement weathertext your questionbook an appointment welcome to marilee’s bridal!for over 30 years, marilee’s bridal has been helping customers find the perfect dress for their wedding or special occasion. we understand how important your wedding day is to you and we are here to help you fulfill your dream. shopping for your bridal gown can be stressful. our professional bridal stylists can help by providing you with the personal service you deserve in our beautiful, new, spacious store that will make your shopping experience relaxed and fun.we offer a wide selection of bridal gowns, clearance wedding dresses, bridesmaid, mother/special occasion, prom dresses, flower girl/first communion dresses and bridal accessories. not much time to shop? we have ready to wear dresses for all formal and semi-formal occasions. walk-ins are welcome but an appointment is recommended to ensure we have a fitting room available and so we can provide you with the personalized service you deserve!   questions about what to expect from your shopping experience?newsvip bridal appointments available in our private bridal suite. a full 2 hour appointment for up to 6 guests plus the bride; light refreshments; a gift bag for the bride and bridal party dress discounts! book your appointment.1st look promotion - save 10% off (up to $200) on a bridal gown and 20% off on a veil or headpiece when you purchase  your gown on your 1st visit with us. not applicable during the national bridal summer event.alert:  we have moved! marilee’s has moved to a brand new, larger store located at 160 hwy. 20 e. in fonthill.  we are in the new plaza between mcdonalds and starbucks. our phone number remains the same. to book an appointment online, click here.more newsgallery



























































 








hours:                    regular hours   - appointments are recommended, especially on the weekends. walk-ins may be accommodated if fitting rooms and staff are available.                                                                                                    monday - 11 am to 6 pm (6-8 pm by appt. only)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            tuesday - 11 am to 6 pm  (6-8 pm by appt. only)                                                                                                                                                                                            wednesday - closed                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        thursday - 11 am to 6 pm                                                                                                                                                                                              friday - 11 am to 4 pmsaturday - 10 am to 5 pmsunday - 12 pm to 4 pm (plus vip appts. at 10:00 am)location: (click for map)160 hwy. 20 e. unit 103 (shops on 20 plaza)fonthill, on  l0s 1e6905-892-6634 (store)info@marilees.comtext us




    book an appointment
  


















store details



join








 








































f.a.q.sabout uscontact usprivacy




powered by squarespace









