






















start your search here | off-campus housing | university of waterloo






















skip to main content
















                      jump to
                    





                              jump to
                          





                      admissions
                    





                      about waterloo
                    





                      faculties & academics
                    





                      offices & services
                    





                      support waterloo
                    












open search location 
search for 



search location
on all siteson this site


























off-campus housing





menu














off-campus housing home







                     looking for a place
                    





                     before you rent
                    





                     signing a lease
                    





                     know your rights
                    





                     help at waterloo
                    





                     resources
                    















±



start your search here















































set yourself up for success and start your housing search early! looking to explore the region and the different housing options available? see below for listings and regional information about places to look for housing. review the resources on this site to learn what you need to know before you rent, information about signing a lease, legal details, safety, and maintenance resources and how to stay connected to your community while living off- campus. 


















step 1: explore
looking for a place








step 2: what to know
before you rent








step 3: when you're ready
signing a lease
















know your rights

read our frequently asked questions (faq)






help at waterloo

learn how we can help you






legal, maintenance, and safety

learn about the resources available












explore waterloo region


find out more about where you live! explore an interactive map while searching for off-campus housing options in the kitchener-waterloo area, or to learn more about a specific neighbourhood zone.
it is important to check to see where the rental is in relation to campus.
check out the ion and grt transportation systems. getting to campus is easy if you live along the transportation routes. consider expanding your search preferences to find the right place for you. getting to campus is easy if you live along the transportation routes. consider expanding your search preferences to find the right place for you. learn how to use the grt as a uw student and expanding your search preferences to find the right place for you. 












view our student housing map. please note: travel times listed are approximate. for more accurate times, enter the address of your destination on google maps.








steps to take when finding off-campus housing


note: these steps are not sequential and may vary throughout your off-campus housing search process.
step 1: determine your needs
housing type, budget, location (i.e., neighbourhood), other amenities
if you need a guarantor
step 2: find roommates
reach out to friends through online platforms
discuss shared responsibilities and establish communication channels
step 3: start searching
explore online listings for housing 3-6 months before desired move-in
check multiple platforms
use google maps to establish location
step 4: narrow down choices
compare factors like rent, location, amenities, and lease terms.
schedule property viewing
step 5: prepare your documents 
gather essential documents such as id (i.e., passport), proof of enrolment
prepare for financial information: bank statements, guarantor
step 6: signing a lease
review lease agreements thoroughly
clarify any unclear terms
pay fees or deposits
step 7: move-in
coordinate the logistics
familiarize yourself with emergency procedures and contacts







common rental terms


before you embark on your search, here are some key terms you should be aware of. 







key terms















key terms you'll encounter when searching for off-campus housing


off-campus housing  
off-campus housing refers to living arrangements that are not directly affiliated with the university or educational institution. this often includes rental apartments, houses, or shared accommodations within the local community. 
guarantor 
if you do not have canadian credit, employment income or enough savings to cover your rent, you will need a guarantor. a guarantor (or co-signer) is a person who agrees to pay your rent for you if you cannot. usually, only close friends or relatives will agree to act as a guarantor for you.  
a guarantor is often someone canadian because they need a canadian credit score and work history. 
landlord 
the owner of property (i.e., houses, apartments, or land) that is leased or rented to another. it could also refer to the owner’s son/daughter/spouse/parent if they live in the property being rented. 
tenant 
a person who occupies land or property rented from a landlord. 
lease 
a lease is a binding contract granting use or occupation of property during a specified period in exchange for a specified rent amount. typically, a lease is one year in length. 
sublease 
the legal process of a tenant renting their leased property to another individual, known as the subtenant. the original tenant remains responsible for the lease agreement terms. 
a security deposit 
a refundable amount paid by the tenant to the landlord to cover any potential damages to the property. the deposit is typically returned at the end of the lease term, minus any deductions for damages. 
local amenities 
nearby facilities and services such as grocery stores, healthcare centers, restaurants, and recreational areas that contribute to the convenience and quality of life for off-campus residents. 
tip: familiarize yourself with the "understanding rental advertising lingo sheet" from the region of waterloo to understand the commonly used rental housing terms. 






















 download the steps to finding off-campus housing tip sheet.










































university of waterloo

university of waterloo


43.471468
-80.544205






campus map






              campus map
          

200 university avenue west

waterloo,
      on,
      canada
n2l 3g1


+1 519 888 4567









                     contact waterloo
                    





                     accessibility
                    





                     news
                    





                     maps & directions
                    





                     privacy
                    





                     careers
                    





                     emergency notifications
                    





                     copyright
                    





                     feedback
                    







the university of waterloo acknowledges that much of our work takes place on the traditional territory of the neutral, anishinaabeg, and haudenosaunee peoples. our main campus is situated on the haldimand tract, the land granted to the six nations that includes six miles on each side of the grand river. our active work toward reconciliation takes place across our campuses through research, learning, teaching, and community building, and is co-ordinated within the office of indigenous relations.










instagram




              instagram
          






x (formerly twitter)




                      x (formerly twitter)
          






linkedin




              linkedin
          






facebook




              facebook
          






youtube




              youtube
          





@uwaterloo social directory






on it check








            where there’s  a challenge,waterloo ison it.
          

learn how   → 



        ©2025 all rights reserved
      
















