




















welcome to the ucr department of english! | department of english
















skip to main content

university of california, riverside





ucr home







quick links


apply to graduate program


college of humanities, arts, and social sciences








search














uc riverside




 department of english 













search






home


people


faculty


emeriti faculty


staff


graduate students


graduate program alumni


visiting scholars and postdoctoral fellows




undergraduate


why english?


courses


make advising appointment


course enrollment services


medical and health humanities studies minor


career sources


conference funding




graduate


ph.d. program


how to apply


incoming graduate students


graduate seminars


graduate student publications


graduate student organizations


awards


designated emphasis in book, archive, and manuscript (ammp) studies


designated emphasis in science fiction and technoculture studies


graduate program handbook




news & events


events


newsletters


public statements




giving


contact







ucr home







quick links


apply to graduate program


college of humanities, arts, and social sciences
































welcome to the ucr department of english!












breadcrumb








 

























mission statement
the ucr english department is committed to the study of english and american literature and cultures. our work is oriented by literature and by the question of the literary, even as it expands to consider a wide range of texts.  oral traditions, material objects, visual culture, performance art, and soundscapes figure in our scholarship alongside more traditional and other innovative forms. a broad and diverse understanding of english and american literature includes everything from medieval lyrics to film and digital media; from the plays of shakespeare to the work of louise erdrich, theresa hak kyung cha, and toni morrison; from poetry by sor juana inés de la cruz to novels by mary shelley, james joyce, or the poetry and prose of cherrie moraga or gloria anzaldúa.
a wide range of critical formations shapes our practice. to name only a few: archive studies; asian american studies; black studies; feminist and queer studies; hemispheric studies; latin@ studies; native and indigenous studies; postcolonial studies; sfts (science/speculative fiction and technology studies); and transatlantic studies. literature, furthermore, is not only what we study: it is what we write. our department has a history of supporting innovative critical practice across a range of formats, including experimental criticism, creative non-fiction, poetry, and curatorial work.
our undergraduate and graduate programs are structured around principles of justice and equality, and we pride ourselves that our own innovative research demonstrates these principles, as does our commitment to imaginative pedagogy. we take the meaning of instruction and mentorship seriously: the integrity of the faculty-student relationship is at the heart of our work. we show our broad range of interests and rich research profile in everything we do, and we share those interests with our students. our teaching anchors our scholarship. as a department, we are committed to valuing the ways that teaching, service, and scholarship inform and support each other.
 

we at ucr would like to respectfully acknowledge and recognize our responsibility to the original and current caretakers of this land, water, and air: the cahuilla [ka-weeahh], tongva [tong-va], luiseño [loo-say-ngo], and serrano [se-ran-oh] peoples and all of their ancestors and descendants, past, present, and future. today this meeting place is home to many indigenous peoples from all over the world, including ucr faculty, students, and staff, and we are grateful to have the opportunity to live and work on these homelands.

upcoming events
 















chair and faculty advisors







 

 

james tobias
english department chair





 

 

michelle h. raheja
graduate admissions director





 

 

sarita echavez see
graduate director





 

 

courtney r. baker
placement director





 

 

timothy petete
undergraduate director





 

 

jennifer doyle
alumni relations director





 

 

wallace t cleaves
director of university writing program












advising









 

perla fabelo
graduate student services advisor
graduate studies
(951) 827-1454
perla.fabelo@ucr.edu






 

elaine chacon
undergraduate academic advisor
undergraduate studies
(951) 827-3343
elaine.chacon@ucr.edu 






 

karla gonzalez
enrollment manager
karla.gonzalezurena@ucr.edu



























search






university of california, riverside

900 university ave.
            riverside, ca 92521
tel: (951) 827-1012


ucr library
campus status
campus store
career opportunities
diversity
maps and directions
visit ucr





department of english

             900 university ave.
            hmnss 1202             riverside, ca 92521             
 tel: (951) 827-1451 


 find us












privacy and accessibility
report barrier to accessibility
terms and conditions
© 2025 regents of the university of california










×






let us help you with your search


enter your search criteria.



search


cancel













