












the cohousing association of america































































































  






















  




search for:




menumenufind it

find cohousingclassifiedscommunity directoryseekers directoryprofessional directory
learn about it

resource librarycohousing in the newssenior cohousingpoliciescohousing institute
create it

creating cohousingresources for professionals
live itrun itevents

2025 open house days2025 eventspast eventscalendar of events
join us

membershipannual sponsorsthe cohousing institute
donatesearchlog in 






		 curious about cohousing? join us at the commons, on the 10th of every month
	 






cohousthe cohousing association of the united states
become a member
about cohous
the cohousing institute
 


photo: ecovillage ithaca, copyright: 2007 robert nickelsberg





what is cohousing?cohousing is an intentional, collaborative neighborhood that combines private homes with shared indoor and outdoor spaces designed to support an active and interdependent community life. cohousing is not a financial or legal model, but rather a descriptive term that emphasizes the active participation of residents in everything from design to governance.
why cohousing
learn more









featured programs




















cohousthe cohousing association of the united states is a national nonprofit supporting cohousing communities in changing our world. spreading the word about cohousing shifts the culture toward a new american dream where every home is surrounded by caring, collaborative neighbors who use less of the earth’s resources while living an abundant life. 
learn more 

enewsour monthly enewsletter keeps everyone up to date on cohousing happenings. in addition to inspirational articles, we share upcoming events, homes for sale and updates on the movement of cohousing. sign up to receive the enews by clicking here 
read latest e-newsletter

 


learning about cohousing

find it


directory
classifieds
professionals
events


learn more


create it


relationships
resources
buildings


learn more


live it


lifestyle
green living
life cycle


learn more


run it


sharing
relating
maintaining
transitions 


learn more











recent blogs
a community member dies – then what?

posted on february 11th, 2025 at 10:11 pm (et) 
when you live in a senior cohousing community, sooner or later the conversation gets around to one of most people’s least favorite topics ¾ death and dying. it’s unavoidable among older people. your community may already have experienced the death of one or more members. quimper village in washington had its first death within its…  read more

what about meeting participants?

posted on february 6th, 2025 at 9:49 pm (et) 
don’t they need training?  well, yes, in an ideal world everyone participating in decision making, or even just living in community would take some time to learn how it all works, to develop some skills, and to grow a little toward their best self. i’d love to offer that course, but so far we haven’t…  read more



 


strategic partners

 




thank you to our sponsors


 

 

 

 

 

 





contact us
donate now!
subscribe to e-news
share a story
log in


about cohous
advertise
blog
enews archives
listserve
site map
webchats
partner resources
privacy policy
log in




©  the cohousing association of the united states. all rights reserved. 







 
 
 


































