



pocono weddings.com | your wedding resource site – the wedding web magazine of the poconos

































pocono weddingsthe wedding web magazine of the poconoshome
articles

floral ideas & trends
reception sites
wedding services
general


tools
floral arrangements
flowers & gifts
about
contact
 

choosing an officiantjanuary 23, 2018 by loisheckman there are only a few things that are necessary to get married. a marriage license and someone to officiate and sign that license are two essentials. of course, there is the date and location, and then the clothes, flowers, food, music… all that good stuff. it’s exciting to choose your vendors, but don’t let your […]


 

17 years of wedding trendsdecember 7, 2017 by melanie jeffers frassinelli seventeen years ago, poconoweddings.com debuted as the only wedding web magazine and planning source geared solely towards couples getting married in the poconos and surrounding regions. the changes in the wedding industry during those years have been unparalleled. the internet has been a game-changer for the wedding industry, and we are proud to have been part of this revolution from the … [read more...]
you’re engaged!  now what?december 7, 2015 by danielle rothweiler a proposal is one of the most exciting times in a person's life. an engagement is one of the most overwhelming and scariest times. between not knowing what to do first, what magazine to read or when to stop pinning, it's a confusing time and can result in lots of stress and even more bottles of wine. as a wedding planner, i know how to tackle the planning process from start to finish, and in this … [read more...]

on point – bouquet trendsdecember 7, 2015 by melanie jeffers frassinelli what goes around, comes around. makes no exception for wedding styles.

twenty years ago, bridal bouquets cascaded. long, full cascades. a cascading bouquet is usually created in a holder that … [read more...]

the shawnee inn and golf resort – a walk through your big dayjuly 16, 2015 by pwadmin  



graced by the presence of the pocono mountains and kissed by the gentle lapping of the delaware river, the shawnee inn and golf resort is a remarkable setting for your special occasion. … [read more...]

facebookpinteresttwitter
 

 

 


choosing an officiantthere are only a few things that are necessary to get married. a marriage license and someone to … [read more...]
17 years of wedding trendsseventeen years ago, poconoweddings.com debuted as the only wedding web magazine and planning source … [read more...]
you’re engaged!  now what?a proposal is one of the most exciting times in a person's life. an engagement is one of the most … [read more...]

  

copyright © 2025 · pure elegance theme by oh, hello designs on genesis framework · wordpress · log in






