




















ironheadcycle home page













ihc home page






about ihc(current)


build a sportster
				

chapter 1
chapter 2
chapter 3
chapter 4
chapter 5
chapter 6
chapter 7



contact (current)



gallery
				

57xlch
61flh
68xlch
69xlch
69xlch2020
70xlch
77xlhratrod
79xlh
80xlh


project x
project y
project z
fear no evo

engines

duc hunt
yamaha street tracker



services - prices

standard prices
rebuild waiting list
magneto testing
crankcase repair
dual plugs



tech info

1000cc screw chart
bendix carb
faq
hd plug chart
import parts
troubleshooting
hand made tools
generic wiring diagrams
ironheadcycle youtube videos










ironheadcycle llc
established 2003
specializing in sportsters
full rebuilds - hardened valve seats - cylinder boring - heliarc/case repair - machine shop case bearing race line lapping - rod races lapped to size - magneto testing and repair











new video posted frequently... tips, tricks, techniques for building engines and motorcycles..
 please subscribe...
 

 




considerable time and effort is put into producing these youtube videos, i make every effort to produce relevant information covering almost all aspects of building, altering and repairing motorcycles. i also branch off into machining, welding and other mechanical arts. although most of the focus in on old harleys, the techniques are adaptable to almost any internal combustion reciprocating engine. the hope is to pass on some of the things i've learned after nearly 50 years of mechanicing. if you think this content is at all helpful or informative please help support and grow this channel; get yourself a sticker or a coffee cup. 




featured products...viking bagssaddlebags, luggage and accessories
click on logo below





two for $5.00
				  shipping included!!!
available at ebay store



quick links...
 
support my youtube channel on patreon
ebay store
 contact ironheadcycle
youtube channel 



$25.00
			      	shipping included!!!
available at ebay store















ironheadcycle store on ebay
a wide variety of new and used parts. if i have it and it is for sale, this is where it is listed... 







sportster tank art
out of production tank art designed and produced exclusively by ihc... 







satisfied customers
unsolicited comments from satisfied customers... 




















the newest ironheadcycle build
 

 for more pictures of this bike 
  				>>> click here<<< 

the full sized version of pictures on this web site can be viewed by right clicking on the picture and selecting "view image", then use your browser back button to return to the the web page...
see it on you tube at rat rod episode 1, rat rod episode 2 and ironheadcycle rat rod.






1953 panhead
click for more details and pictures



1977 xlh
click for more details and pictures











services
buy and sell ironheads - buy and sell ironhead parts - rebuild ironheads - specialty work - wheel building and lacing - wiring - engine rebuilding - transmission rebuilding - flywheel trueing - line lap case bearing races - lap rod races - valve jobs - install hardened seats - cylinder boring - heliarc welding - lathe and mill work - powder coating
all work is performed in house in a fully equipped shop. 


get in touch

ironheadcycle llc
        north texas
        united states of america
        phone: 940-297-5009
        send a message to ironheadcycle



distributor for:
        














copyright © ironheadcycle llc 2019. all rights reserved.
established 2003










