


 
wemb























skip to navigation
skip to content
skip to footer




 







searchsearch 








advising 







business advising 







submit your plan for review 







acknowledgement and release 



 





financing 







financial eligibility 







why choose wemb? 







loans faq 







loans 








startup loans 







expansion loans 







wegreen loans 







wetech loans 







wework & wemicro loans 







weoc loans 



 






apply for a loan 



 





training & workshops 







calendar 







welcome to business 







business plan development workshops 







strength in community workshops 








strength in community | building personal leadership 







strength in community | communicating to connect 







strength in community | taking charge 



 






specialty workshops 







here's how it's done podcast 



 





events 







business breakfasts 







wemb networking 







30th anniversary celebration 



 





partnerships 







partnership opportunities 







partnership inquiries 



 





resources 







resource library 







business directory 



 





about us 







what we do 







who we are 







wemb client spotlights 







wemb news 







reports 







careers 



 





contact 


 









 helping you grow your business is our business

wemb believes that women are inspired to transform their dreams into sustainable and profitable enterprises that contribute to building resilient communities and stronger economies.
by providing expertise, training, financing, and crucial connections, wemb supports, engages, and affirms all those who self-identify as women+ (cis, trans, 2s, and gender-diverse) entrepreneurs in manitoba at every stage of their business.
we work together, together stronger.



 






advising
access free business advising from our team of experienced business advisors who will draw on their education, knowledge, and entrepreneurial expertise to guide and support you along your business journey.
learn more about advising


financing
looking to get your business off the ground? need funding for the purchase of new equipment or upsizing your space? we have financing for that. loans are available in any amount between $5,000 - $150,000.
learn more about financing


training
we offer hands-on, highly interactive training and workshops on a variety of subjects to provide you with the skills and knowledge you need to make your business a success.
learn more about training


networking
our networking and professional development events provide all self-identifying women+ entrepreneurs with opportunities to enhance their knowledge and connect with the community.
learn more about networking

 






featured news






wemb and rbc partner to support sustainable businesses in manitoba with wegreen loans program


wemb and rbc have partnered together to launch wegreen loans, a new one-year program helping women-led businesses invest in sustainable practices. read post










featured client spotlight






sweet connections: honey bunny pastry shop


honey bunny pastry shop’s charming interior reflects its name, inspired by owner vira vedmed’s nostalgia for childhood treats and memories of home. read post










featured event

welcome to business digital seminar

join us on wednesday, march 5 at 11:00 a.m. to explore the advantages and challenges of being self-employed.
view calendar














guppy design






want to see your business here? contact us for advertising opportunities!













book an appointment 





submit a business plan 





apply for financing 





announcements & news 





events 





board portal 





privacy policy 





legal disclaimer 





contact 





sign up for our newsletter 


 




land acknowledgement

we acknowledge that wemb is located on treaty 1 territory, and that manitoba is located on the treaty territories and ancestral lands of the anishinaabeg, anishininewuk, dakota oyate, denesuline and nehethowuk nations.
we acknowledge that manitoba is located on the homeland of the red river métis.
we acknowledge northern manitoba includes lands that were and are the ancestral lands of the inuit.
we as an organization respect the spirit and intent of treaties and treaty making while committing ourselves to acknowledging the harms of the past. our organization exists to serve all self-identifying women of manitoba equally and to remove barriers to access. we are fully committed to work in partnership with first nations, inuit, and métis people in the spirit of truth, reconciliation, and collaboration.



©2025 wemb





business services for francophone entrepreneurs are available through cdem





 

with the support of:



prairies economic development canada



government of canada

 








