







professional lyricist services | expert songwriting | how to write a song


























































0








        skip to content
      
























        about molly
      


consultations



        contact
      



        molly's songs
      



        molly's blogs
      
















open menu
close menu




























        about molly
      


consultations



        contact
      



        molly's songs
      



        molly's blogs
      
















open menu
close menu
























                  about molly
                



consultations




                  contact
                





                  molly's songs
                





                  molly's blogs
                



























an emmy-nominee, i'm a contemporary songwriting coach, co-writer and inspiration at songmd.com.i've mentored two generations of grammy-winning lyricists, songwriters and singer/songwriters. are you next? — contact form- molly!




    let's get started!
  














professional, private, one-on-one lyricist and songwriting servicesmolly’s lyricist and songwriting services will help you tweak your songwriting skills so your songs can compete with the best ones out there!!














molly is your emmy-nominated, personal coach, offering private, professional lyricist services and songwriting services
















welcome to molly’s musical familyat songmd.com, molly, your private songwriting coach, is dedicated to helping you create powerful, memorable, and marketable hit songs. she is an emmy-nominee who has written themes and songs for over six dozen tv shows and movies, including the oscar-winning film, “violet.” she has served as a personal, one-on-one coach to two generations of grammy-winning lyricists, songwriters, and singer/songwriters, helping them make their songs sizzle, and ready for the current marketplace.molly is your go-to expert on all professional songwriting and lyricist matters from how to write a song to fine tuning your personal lyrics and original melodies. whether you’re an aspiring lyricist, songwriter, or a seasoned artist looking to get inspired, molly offers the guidance you need. her services include everything from crafting compelling lyrics and music to focusing on marketing your hit songs. if you write lyrics only, assuming they are ready for the current marketplace, she can help you find the contemporary music you need.molly is the author of 8 traditionally published books on songwriting available right here.assuming what you’ve sent to molly for consultation is a good fit for current music industry projects, she’ll hook you up with everyone she knows who is looking for great songs and lyrics in your genre. that is all included in molly’s songwriting, consulting, and marketing services.molly has been lucky for her clients, helping them get their original lyrics and music to all the right people. she has mentored two generations of grammy-winning lyricists, songwriters, and singer/songwriters.molly welcomes you to her music family and looks forward to helping you create your first hit song! contact her today and let molly guide you through the process of creating your hit songs. learn more about her lyricist and songwriting services and how she can help you write lyrics and music you can’t stop singing!












 set up your private, songwriting, lyricist, or song marketing consultation












it all starts with a consultation



molly’s fee for her time and expertise in helping you depends on the number of songs you want her to hear, review, and work on together. her rates appear below. click on a quantity and you’ll go to paypal to take care of your transaction. if you prefer venmo, then contact molly and she’ll share her venmo info with you. molly does not accept material written or co-written with ai.once you have paid for your consultation, please send each of your songs in a separate email. attach your mp3’s, but not your lyrics. put the lyrics in the body of each email. send them all, along with your phone number and email address, on the same day, for the same consultation.



for lyrics only, type each of your songs in the body of a separate email. ten songs, ten emails. please don’t attach the words. for some reason, known only to the tech fairy, attached documents don’t open. i’d rather we spend our time on your songs, not software. deal? be sure to include your name, phone number, and email address.in order for the package price to apply, i need you to pay for your consultation and email all your songs/lyrics/questions on the same day. otherwise, i will have to charge you an additional $150.00 per song. thank you.each version of each song is a separate song. when submitting revisions of songs previously sent for consultation, i will give you a special price.














after listening to your songs, and reading carefully through your lyrics several times, i get a real sense of who you are, and what you can contribute to the literature of music that nobody else can, since nobody else is you.most folks claiming to do song and lyric evaluations send a quickie checklist – if that. but not me!after you pay my professional fee and submit your songs and lyrics, i will thoughtfully and carefully review each piece of your work in terms of how and where it fits in current industry projects.much of the material submitted to me for consultation is just right for the marketplace as is. sometimes, there may be a song or two in your consulting package that needs a little tweaking before it can realistically compete with the best songs out there. for example, if you send ten songs for consultation and nine of them are awesome, but the tenth isn’t quite there yet, i will go through it carefully, making very specific suggestions.i will give you honest but gentle, supportive feedback, and help you make your work as strong as it needs to be in order to realistically compete in the marketplace.you always remain the sole writer and 100% copyright owner of the songs, tracks, and masters you submit to me for consultation.



i will look for your heart, your guts, your fingerprint. my colleagues on the other side of the desk, who’ve been placing my clients’ songs in movies, tv shows, video games, and in commercials, for years and years, look for that, too.assuming what you’ve created is a good fit for current industry projects, i’m happy to hook you up with everyone i know looking for great songs in your genre. that is included in my consulting fee.i also love to co-write songs, especially with undiscovered, new writers, who have original, amazing ideas and have made a good start on the songs they send me for consultation. once we agree to co-write, and the paperwork is in order, i will add my expertise and my magic, dig deep for the best of the best of me, and turn your good beginning into a great song! some of my clients send me lyrics that need music. some send me music that needs lyrics. others send me finished songs that are maybe 80% there – and when i add the molly to them, look out – they are potential hits!




    contact me
  












molly's consulting fees:
1 song for $185. click here.
2-3 songs for $335. click here.
4 songs for $365. click here.
5 songs for $395. click here.
6 songs for $420. click here.
7 songs for $450. click here.
8 songs for $470. click here.
9 songs for $500. click here.
10 songs for $535. click here.
each song over 10 is an additional $35.











  # of songs over 10: 
click here.


























praise for molly’s song & lyric consultations






molly-ann gave me permission to try whatever i was feeling as an amateur songwriter. then she polished it beautifully. she gave me the courage i needed and the belief i could do it. i am forever grateful. she is a master at her art. thank you molly-ann.”

cheryl bentynethe manhattan transfer multi-grammy winner







“i am a huge fan of molly leikin, as a writer and as an inspirational human being. anyone who gets a chance to work under her tutelage is fortunate!”

amanda mcbroomsinger/songwriter grammy winner "the rose"







“i met with molly each week for a songwriting consultation session. later, i founded a non-profit called purple songs can fly, and created the first recording studio in a pediatric cancer center. i worked with the kids there to write and record their own songs. in 2010, i received an honorary doctorate for my work with the children, and i have no doubt that my time with molly was an important influence on not only my own songwriting, but greatly informed the way i’ve helped the children to create their own songs over the years.”

anita krusefounder and executive directorpurple songs can fly






















“i’ve been singing molly’s songs for many years. she has such an amazing and diverse catalog of songs - always a joy to sing.”

teresa jamesgrammy nominee







“thanks, molly for your extraordinary insight and gentle manner. as i drove home last night (listening to the pop/country station as you suggested) i heard every pointer that you gave me played out in those songs. you so totally nailed that genre of music. the changing rhythm, the for-thought melody, the story that can be heard and understood in a single listening.”

frank stephensflorida







“you gave me great advice. from that experience i would recommend you to anyone looking for help. i also remember you telling me, molly-ann leikin, rhymes with bacon. thanks.”

craig k.


















 

molly leikin wrote the book on hit songwriting!(actually, she wrote several)



















































each is available on amazon. click on a book title to buy it.

















hours mon-sun 10 am - 6 pmare you ready to be a hit songwriter?




    let's  go!
  



imdb | facebook | instagram 



molly-ann leikinsongwriting consultants, ltd.3435 e. thousand oaks blvd., suite 4311thousand oaks, ca 91362-3653 800-851-6588©2025 songwriting consultants, ltd.











