














clements canoes outdoor center on the banks of sugar creek












































































                        river excursions                    
canoe, kayak or tube

    					we have many lengths of trips from half day trips to 2 day overnight....					

   					click to learn more					










                        fun for the whole family                    
kids love to play in the water.

    					the mini trip is just perfect for playing...					

   					click to learn more					









tent camping

                     camp next to the sugar creek!

    					tent camping next to sugar creek, and covered bridge....					

				click to learn more










                        cabin rentals                    
camping cabins - log cabins

    					we have three styles to choose from....					

   					click to learn more 









 
previous 


 
next  













clements canoes outdoor center








 experience the finest on sugar creek!

























navigation
please let us know if you have any questions!
map our location.




home
rentals and activities

river excursions
camping
cabins


informational pages

reservations  
waiver 
creek map 
faq's
river policies
about us


contact us

contact
map our location


photos

photo gallery


other pages

privacy
area attractions
site map









contact us

                 please let us know if you have further questions!

clements canoes outdoor center
                  8295 w state road 234
             waveland, in 47989
             phone: (765) 435-2070
             



        fax: (765) 435-2257
canoe@clementscanoes.com


























 
 







 
tel:  765-435-2070








toggle navigation
top menu
 





                    home 


                    contact 


                    river excursions 


                    camping 


                    cabins


                   map our location









welcome to clements canoes outdoor center
we invite you to experience the finest on 
sugar creek. offering the best in outdoor rectreation  and overnight accommodations  for 61 years, we pledge to continue our tradition of providing the best service, facilities and equipment to insure a fun and memorable adventure. at ccoc we provide a quality experience, because we want you to be our customer for life!
indiana's finest water, most beautiful scenery
 
 


















canoe

                                        - kayak trips                                    


                                            creating beautiful templates                                         




  








tubing

                                        trips                                    


                                            just to start with                                         




  








tent

                                        camping                                    


                                            included with pro package                                         




  








cabin

                                        rentals                                    


                                            inspired and designed here!                                         




  





































 

 












our adventures
are wait for you!







 



 
 
 
 

 




  


  








 



 
 
 
 

 




  


  








 



 
 
 
 
 

 




  


  








 



 
 
 
 
 

 




  


  








 



 
 
 
 
 

 




  


  








 



 
 
 
 
 

 




  


  








 



 
 
 
 
 

 




  


  








 



 
 
 
 
 

 




  


  









 












river excursions:
                      
experience the natural beauty and inspiration of historic sugar creek on   one of our many outdoor recreation activities.  whether you seek the excitement   of a whitewater canoe trip; a scenic   canoe trip complete with the beauty of bluffs and covered bridges; an   adventurous canoe trip with primitive   tent camping or cabin rental; a leisurely half-day canoe   trip with time to fish, picnic and play; a solo kayak   trip; or a lazy day tubing, we have an adventure   designed just for you, your family or   business.  groups of all sizes welcome! from our deer's mill livery, enjoy our air conditioned restroom and shower   facility, large covered deck, and store featuring canoe accessories, tackle,   fishing licenses, ice, firewood, food, beverages and souvenirs!  deer's mill livery is open seven days a week  may 20 through labor day, sept. we will close for the season on the 19th(water and weather permitting). not open every day in may and sept. please check calendar for availability.





children love to experience nature!
see all trip options...

 





see all our cabin features here...


camping & cabins:

enjoy primitive tent camping    on the banks of beautiful sugar creek at the canyon.  located across the creek from the deer's mill livery, the primitive tent campsites  sit on ten   wooded acres facing a spectacular rock bluff that towers 150 feet above sugar   creek.  camp sites for all sizes of groups are   available with amenities that include picnic tables, fire-rings, air   conditioned modern restrooms with showers and a camp store featuring grocery   items, ice, firewood, fishing licenses, camp supplies and souvenirs.  open     may 20 through october 1 (weather permitting).   october is on a reservation basis only.
not into roughing it in a tent? try a cabin instead! with two styles to choose from, clements canoes outdoor center is sure to have a cabin that fits your lifestyle and budget. choose from the rustic camp cabins in the canyon campground, the log camp cabins located on the ridge above the deer's mill livery.. available   may 20 through october 1(weather permitting).   





















                     customer testimonials

                         customers do our best marketing, and here’s why...

                         customers say the nicest things!


















 the staff is very friendly and knowledgesable. they helped our family have the best vacation. 
 ~ tom m. and family  





my family has been regularlycanoeing and camping at clements canoes for over 30 years. it's a safe environment for the kids, and a relaxing environment for the adults. i also have a group of friendswho get togetherfor a girls weekend away. we stay at the canyon cabins.our favorite canoe trip is being bussed up to jim davis bridge and canoeing down to deers mill. the water is just the right level and we can take our time to stop and explore all we want.it's alsovery convenient to be "home" when we get off the water....no driving necessary...just walk across the bridge to the campground! jason and his staff keep the place running smoothly. they've even helped us out a time or two when keys were locked in a car or when the batteryneeded a jump. i love this place!
 
 ~ susan t.  





 i have been using clements canoes since my college days...40yrs. i love my anunual reuion with my fraternity brothers and my outtings with my daughter each year. if you are using someone different, i would really recommend you give clements a try! i think you would never go anywhere else!
 ~ dirk m.  





 there's no better place to take my family, we look forward to it each year! 
    
 ~ nick m.  







    previous      next  

  

















        experience the finest on sugar creek!    


        	clements canoes outdoor center         
8295 w state road 234
waveland, in 47989
765-435-2070
follow us on twitter and facebook.
all rights reserved. website created by deer's mill, inc. - clements canoes outdoor center and launched on february 16, 2019.


 
 



blancpain replica watches
franck muller replica
swiss patek philippe replica
richard mille replica
rolex replica watches
best replica watches






top






copyright deer's mill, inc. - clements canoes outdoor center. all rights reserved.

home  »  
    contact  »  
    river excursions  »  
    camping  » cabin rentals  » 
    sitemap  »  
 
  privacy

























































