   hmaa | hungarian medical association of america     



about usabout hmaathe goalsmission statementboard of directorseventsnewsstudent/fellowshipchaptersprofileloginregistrationmake a donationpast conferencesprogram booksarchivesgallery
select page
welcome to the hmaa!the hungarian medical association of america as a national associaltion is a voluntary organization of physicians and scientists of hungarian heritage formed to preserve, promote, and foster hungarian medical traditions and ideals. 
56th annual scientific meeting of the hungarian medical association of america – new location: lido beach resort, sarasota, flby zsolt garami | feb 1, 2025 | eventsoctober 26 – october 31, 2025
sarasota, floridameet colleagues with hungarian heritage, share scientific ideas and learn!
the scientific program of the 55th annual scientific meeting will cover a broad range of biomedical and surgical topics for a multidisciplinary audience: primary care physicians, specialists and basic medical scientists who seek to improve their understanding of the scientific basis of clinical medicine and its applications to patient care.this conference is a superb opportunity to meet fellow hungarians involved in medical sciences in the united states in a family friendly, relaxed atmosphere. the social programs and organized sport activities (water polo, soccer, beach volleyball, beach run, tennis, etc.) will provide ample opportunities to relax and enjoy one of the best beaches in the country. if you have any questions, please contact us via phone, mail or e-mail. we hope to see you in sarasota.lido beach resort
700 benjamin franklin drive, sarasota, fl 34236
presidential greeting october 2024ladies and gentlemen, my friends in our hmaa family,   it is a great privilege and honor to address the esteemed members of the hungarian medical association of america today. as we gather...read morenews
in memoriam – peter george forbath, mdread more
mechtler fundit is with heavy heart the society must relate the news of the passing of mrs. gizella mechtler, gizi néni, mother of our members, istván and lászló. although not a member of the hmaa, she was one...read more
in memoriam: rest in peace – irene levay krisztinicz, md ( babi neni)february 16, 2022; of williamsville, ny; age 88. beloved wife of the late ivan miklos krisztinicz, m.d.; mother of thomas, m.d.; and mother-in-law of treacy mallon krisztinicz, pharm.d.; dearest...read more
hungarian physician world conference academy of sciences, budapest august 202112 members of the hmaa attended and presented at the magyar orvos vilag talalkozo, including 5 board members and 5 past presidents. a short story of the hmaa follows: az amerikai magyar...read more$more newsprogramsstudy in houston, tx – application deadline: 4/15/2025the houston methodist hospital has entered into an agreement with all the four hungarian medical universities (semmelweis university, university of debrecen, university of pecs, university of...read morehmaa fellowship / mini-fellowship / observer program the purpose of the program is to facilitate the exchange of medical doctors/dentists/scientists as well as to expand the experience and knowledge between medical professionals. with this program,...read morestudy in buffalo, ny – application deadline april 15, 2025the dent neurological institute has entered into an agreement with the four hungarian medical universities (semmelweis university, university of debrecen, university of pecs, university of szeged)...read more$more programs



contact us-hmaap.o. box 421amherst, ny 14226info@hmaa.org+1 941 228 1470
﻿homeabout hmaaboard of directorsstudent/fellowship programseventsnewschaptersgalleriesmake a donationbecome a membermake a donation

facebook


x
© 2023 hmaa all rights reserved i privacy policy i terms of service


we use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. by clicking “accept”, you consent to the use of all the cookies. do not sell my personal information.cookie settingsacceptmanage consent


close
privacy overviewthis website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. we also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. these cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. you also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. but opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.


necessary							

necessary
always enabled
necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. these cookies ensure basic functionalities and security features of the website, anonymously.cookiedurationdescriptioncookielawinfo-checkbox-analytics11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "analytics".cookielawinfo-checkbox-functional11 monthsthe cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "functional".cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "necessary".cookielawinfo-checkbox-others11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "other.cookielawinfo-checkbox-performance11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "performance".viewed_cookie_policy11 monthsthe cookie is set by the gdpr cookie consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. it does not store any personal data.

functional							

functional
functional cookies help to perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collect feedbacks, and other third-party features.

performance							

performance
performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors.

analytics							

analytics
analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. these cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc.

advertisement							

advertisement
advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns. these cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customized ads.

others							

others
other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet.
save & accept
               



