



scandinavian christmas fair:north carolina christmas event, swedish christmas
festival, north carolina christmas fair, raleigh christmas fair, swea, vasa,
state fair ground event, swedish fair














state fairgrounds, raleigh nc - 10am - 5pm, saturday dec. 7th, 2024


visit our  community page event




 home 
      | general info | program 
      | directions
      | vendors | photo 
      gallery | organizers | 
      invitations | contact 
      us | lucia | 






welcome to the scandinavian christmas fair
        dec. 7th, 2024, raleigh, north carolina
      kerr scott building, state fairgrounds    


tickets available online oct 15 - dec 6 at https://shorturl.at/0b1lo
the scandinavian christmas fair in raleigh, north carolina is an authentic 
        celebration of the traditions of  sweden, norway, 
      denmark, finland and iceland. 
 this old-world celebration is certain to get you in the spirit of the 
        season. this year marks the 29th anniversary of the julmarknad (christmas 
        fair in swedish) and it attracts people from scandinavia and of scandinavian 
        descent as well as many americans who have made this an annual tradition.      
several local scandinavian organizations are represented at the fair 
        and there are plenty of opportunities to learn a little more about the 
        people and customs of the nordic countries. you might even pick 
        up a few words in a local tongue and develop a taste for that traditional 
        herring! 
 the scandinavian christmas fair is sponsored by the carl larsson lodge of the vasa order of america. the vasa order is a swedish american fraternal organization that was founded over 100 years ago.
 talented artisans and vendors offer unique crafts and gifts from all 
        over scandinavia. you will find everything from knives and quilts to crystal 
    pieces, jewelry, home made bread, and christmas decorations. 





 





 







 family
              the  lucia procession is one of the highlights. 
              children and adults perform traditional songs in costumes of lucia, gnomes, 
              and staffan the farmhand. other family activities include  dancing 
              around the christmas tree,  storytelling, 
              and swedish candy. 

on stage
              the stage has something going on the entire day. 
              the local scandinavian community will be showing traditional folk 
              dances, playing folk music and singing. there will be a “fashion 
              show” featuring the beautiful folk costumes of the nordic 
              countries.

food
              the fair features a variety of homemade foods, such as swedish meatballs, 
              salmon and pea soup. visit the swedish fika for coffee 
              and wonderful home baked pastries. try the traditional spiced wine 
              (glögg) and salty candy!


















   www.scanfair.org
info@scanfair.org











