









medicam intense pulsed light ipl, yag cavitation fda cleared











































 






















































get a quote
request product information along with details of our 0% financing program on equipment purchase.

















we have the lowest prices on the market on all our certified fda devices. 


name*


email*




country
united statesafghanistanaland islandsalbaniaalgeriaamerican samoaandorraangolaanguillaantarcticaantigua and barbudaargentinaarmeniaarubaaustraliaaustriaazerbaijanbahamasbahrainbangladeshbarbadosbelarusbelgiumbelizebeninbermudabhutanboliviabosnia and herzegovinabotswanabouvet islandbrazilbritish indian ocean territorybrunei darussalambulgariaburkina fasoburundicambodiacamerooncanadacape verdecayman islandscentral african republicchadchilechinachristmas islandcocos (keeling) islandscolombiacomoroscongocongo, the democratic republic of thecook islandscosta ricacote d'ivoirecroatiacubacyprusczech republicdenmarkdjiboutidominicadominican republicecuadoregyptel salvadorequatorial guineaeritreaestoniaethiopiafalkland islands (malvinas)faroe islandsfijifinlandfrancefrench guianafrench polynesiafrench southern territoriesgabongambiageorgiagermanyghanagibraltargreecegreenlandgrenadaguadeloupeguamguatemalaguernseyguineaguinea-bissauguyanahaitiheard island and mcdonald islandsholy see (vatican city state)hondurashong konghungaryicelandindiaindonesiairan, islamic republic ofiraqirelandisle of manisraelitalyjamaicajapanjerseyjordankazakhstankenyakiribatikorea, democratic people's republic ofkorea, republic ofkuwaitkyrgyzstanlao people's democratic republiclatvialebanonlesotholiberialibyan arab jamahiriyaliechtensteinlithuanialuxembourgmacaomacedonia, the former yugoslav republic ofmadagascarmalawimalaysiamaldivesmalimaltamarshall islandsmartiniquemauritaniamauritiusmayottemexicomicronesia, federated states ofmoldova, republic ofmonacomongoliamontserratmoroccomozambiquemyanmarnamibianaurunepalnetherlandsnetherlands antillesnew caledonianew zealandnicaraguanigernigerianiuenorfolk islandnorthern mariana islandsnorwayomanpakistanpalaupalestinian territory, occupiedpanamapapua new guineaparaguayperuphilippinespitcairnpolandportugalpuerto ricoqatarreunionromaniarussian federationrwandasaint helenasaint kitts and nevissaint luciasaint pierre and miquelonsaint vincent and the grenadinessamoasan marinosao tome and principesaudi arabiasenegalserbia and montenegroseychellessierra leonesingaporeslovakiasloveniasolomon islandssomaliasouth africasouth georgia and the south sandwich islandsspainsri lankasudansurinamesvalbard and jan mayenswazilandswedenswitzerlandsyrian arab republictaiwan, province of chinatajikistantanzania, united republic ofthailandtimor-lestetogotokelautongatrinidad and tobagotunisiaturkeyturkmenistanturks and caicos islandstuvaluugandaukraineunited arab emiratesunited kingdomunited statesunited states minor outlying islandsuruguayuzbekistanvanuatuvenezuelaviet namvirgin islands, britishvirgin islands, u.s.wallis and futunawestern saharayemenzambiazimbabwe

phone*




comments




captcha*





for more information, please call us at 1-866-921-3155


 













coming soon









home
about us
distribution
product

ipl: permanent hair removal & skin care
q-switched yag tattoo removal
cavitation and ultrasound
weight and cellulite loss
skin tightening & skin care


price list
rental program
contact us











live chat
facebook
twitter
google+ 



					call toll free  
					
(954)-505-4995







menu

home
about us
distribution
product

ipl: permanent hair removal & skin care
q-switched yag tattoo removal
cavitation and ultrasound
weight and cellulite loss
skin tightening & skin care


price list
rental program
contact us
 















                
       	upgrade or replace your old unit        
 
                get the corporam’s unique advantage

incredible deal! upgrade or update your unit for a machine with all the treatments
for less than $15,000






                
       	fast and safe        
 
                intense pulsed light

say “no” to surgeries
non-invasive and all-effective, fda and health canada-cleared intense pulsed light devices from corporam. better results, better skin.-weight loss







 
                special of the month

evolight mini stage 3 demonstrator with 1 year warranty on parts for hair removal – skin rejuvenation – acne – vascular & pigmentation & on sale at
$6,900





                
       	check our rental program        
 
                limited time offer

evolight pro stage 3 demonstrator (retail $40,000.00) with 1 year warranty on parts for hair removal – skin rejuvenation – acne – vascular & pigmentation & on sale at
$9,900
















click here to see license






quality standards and technology beyond expectations
we are corporam. a manufacturer and distributor of high-quality integrated technology solutions. as a forward thinking company, we strive to create quality-oriented, performance-driven and mutually-beneficial partnerships. we pride ourselves on our products being robust, high-quality and most importantly marketable. our equipment caters to all skin types with official license from health canada and the fda.




permanent hair removal 

intense pulsed light system: evolight stage 1 : user-friendly model, great for hair removal and skin rejuvenation. mobile and very convenient for traveling practitioners, a very powerful machine for its size.

see more 

 

laser tattoo removal

evolase-tt: uses latest q-switched yag laser technology. passes through skin to break apart tattoo ink particles, also treats age spots, spider veins and pigmentation.

see more  
 

liposuction device

evolase-wl3 : weakens, softens and breaks hard fat cells to tighten skin, results in loss of weight and reshaping of figure.

see more  
 

skin rejuvenation

ipl skin tightening: evolux : powerful ipl device to treat all skin types and conditions such as skin rejuvenation, pigmentation, hair removal and skin tightening. 

see more  









what we do, what we treat
we specialize in intense pulsed light commonly abbreviated as ipl a new and advanced technology used by medical practitioners, beauty studios, spas and salons across the world for a variety of skin treatments ranging from hair removal, skin tightening, combating pigmentation, non-surgical liposuction and tattoo removal, among many others. our machines range in frequencies and intensities, specializing in specific areas and needs, ensuring our clients and practitioners get exactly what they need to meet their demands.








ipl treatments are non-abrasive, non-invasive and non-intrusive. through specific spectrums of certain frequencies, intense pulsed light has grown in a demand as a safe and effective alternative to surgery.

with the ability to treat virtually any skin condition, the amount of patients opting to go under the light instead of going under the knife continues to expand.


aiming to capitalize and build upon patient satisfaction, corporam’s products come with a full-warranty and full in-person training sessions upon purchase. we want you to make the most of our products, administering quality treatments with peace-of-mind in the minds of your patients about the safety of using corporam’s products. we are dedicated on delivering.”
*note: any reference to corporam, corporam inc, corporam medical inc, corporam llc, medicamerica inc, medicam brand and or/medicam inc and any other related or parent companies also refers to corpomed inc and to the medicam brand products. all products listed on the corporam.com website are sold by corpomed inc using the website www.corporam.com.
all links to the general agreement, sales general agreement, website general agreement, sales and conditions, privacy policy and any other documents in this website referring to corporam implicitly also refers to corpomed inc. corporam is a dba of corpomed (dba: doing business as). medicam is a registered trademark.





















 

live feeds
follow us



 tweets by @corporam_ipl





 

recent activity
like us















signup for newsletter












 

 







corporamabout us
product
distribution
parts & warranty
blog
contact us
about us 
corporam designs, produces and sells the most advanced lasers, intense pulsed light (ipl) and cavitation / ultrasound systems to dramatically improve the appearance of womenr...
 read more
have any questions   
if you have any questions, feel free to call us toll-free

call toll-free: (954)-505-4995 (usa) 


 








  website general agreement | general conditions privacy policy 
 copyright © 2016 corporam




















































