


biblical counseling foundation




















about bcf 

materials

self-confrontation

self-confrontation manual
student workbook
student wkbk leader's guide
instructor's guides
audio series
video series


study booklets

living victoriously
buts of the bible


levels 2 & 3

handbook
level 2 syllabus
level 2 instructor's guides
level 3 syllabus
level 3 instructor's guides


advanced study

multimedia

self-confrontatoin video series
self-confrontatoin audio series
self-confrontation manual (pdf)
bcf forms (pdf)
intro to self-confrontation dvd


booklets

biblical principles
biblical counseling is in-depth discipleship
god's plan for your life
your resources in christ
man's way vs. god's way
victory over failures plan




courses

upcoming courses
course contents



pricelist / store

media & downloads

updates & mailings

current mailings
archives: teaching articles
archives: mailings


contact / donate

contact
donations
facebook






















































welcome
welcome to the biblical counseling foundation website. 
      at this site, you can find information about the worldwide 
      ministry of bcf, get information on upcoming courses, or order materials online.
      just use the menu above to navigate your way around and find out more about our ministry. to return to this page, just click on the bcf logo at the top left.
	  
 



bcf store
the bcf materials are available now at the bcf store. you will find the self-confrontation manual, the student workbook for the self-confrontation bible study, the living victoriously in the battles of life booklet, the victory over failures plan:  guidelines and worksheets booklet and many other materials available in english or other languages. you can register for courses or make donations to the ministry of bcf there as well.
		
	  
click here to visit the bcf store.  



news


onlinecourse

self-confrontation level 1 at-your-own-pace
		  bcf is pleased to announce we now have an at-your-own-pace self-confrontation course via pre-recorded videos of bcf instructors. you can register for this option at any time, and will have 8 months to complete the class. 
		  
      
click here to find out more and register for an online class



materials updates &  new offering

new digital living victoriously booklet – via e-books
bcf is pleased to announce that our bible study and discipleship booklet living victoriously in the battles of life is now available as an e-booklet! beginning immediately, you can order copies of it and have it sent to you on-line through the amazon kindle store or google play bookstore.
      
click here to order the kindle version on the amazon store
click here to order the google books version on the google play store



bible study
 buts of the bible: biblical characters and the crossroads of life  –  now available  – the study is designed to provide churches and individuals with an additional resource for in-depth, life-application study of god’s word.
the buts of the bible is an additional discipleship tool that is separate from the other bcf training levels. it focuses on biblical characters from both the old and new testaments, looking at their circumstances, struggles, temptations, spiritual defeats and victories.  as you study these characters, you will see that the word translated “but” (or word with similar meaning) often represents a turning point or decision point in their lives; and you will see how lessons from these characters are remarkably relevant to our lives here in the 21st century. a sample lesson is available as a free download, and a free downloadable leader’s guide is available with the purchase of a study booklet.      
click here for a more detailed description of this study


updates to 
      privacy policy 
in compliance with new data protection regulations, we have updated our privacy policy. you can read it here.


new free
      "fillable" pdf
      answer sheets
      
bcf has developed pdf   answer sheets  for use with the self-confrontation student workbook. these sheets will  allow you to complete the fill-in-the-blank homework in the student workbook electronically, as an alternative to writing the answers in the book or on separate pieces of paper.
the answer sheets are free and you can distribute them without limitation. for more information or to download, you can go here:

student workbook answer sheets (pdf format) 


 webcasts
bcf hosted two   free  webinars  on the topics of forgiveness and reconciliation.       you can still view both of them on youtube.
      the first seminar on forgiveness is here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mbj-a6_xegm
      the second seminar on reconciliation is here:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1dznlopgeai


bcf blog
bcf has been posting a bi-weekly blog titled “society, selflessness, and the scriptures” since september 2015. the purpose has been to show how the scriptures relate to contemporary issues in society and to cover practical biblical principles on how believers can be “in the world" but not "of the world.”  all of the blogs are available under the link:
http://bcfministries.myshopify.com/blogs/news. you can also download a complete listing of the blogs at and their posting dates at: http://bcfministries.myshopify.com/blogs/news
     


 shopping cart
 our shopping cart is located at bcfministries.myshopify.com


recent releases
the revised self-study  course in biblical discipleship/counseling is  available  as a pdf fillable computer file. for those involved in discipleship/counseling, the self-study course is an exhaustive survey of topics and techniques used in the old and new testaments.
 



leader's guide for self-confrontation dvd series
      (for using the dvds in small groups) 


donate to bcf
the biblical counseling foundation is a 501c3 non-profit organization.  
      a large portion of the ministry of bcf is supported by donations from individuals and churches.
		if you would like to make a donation online, you can go to the 
        donations page on the bcf store or

set up a regular recurring donation here.
you can also send a check to:
        biblical counseling foundation
        42550 aegean st. 
        indio, ca 92203 usa
or call our office at: 760.347.4608 


privacy policy








