





the atlanta business directory | freight forwarding & airsoft






















skip to content



the atlanta business directory & blog
business information resource







about
start a business
information for consumers submitted by businesses
 















july 16, 2018 rhonda 
questions to ask your chiropractor 
 business, business articles for consumers 




 
important questions you should ask your prospective chiropractor
there are various chiropractors over the world, and there are various treatment plans they implement. but there is only one you. when you’re looking for your specific chiropractor, it always helps the right questions to get an idea of what treatment you’ll be getting. we spoke to different chiropractic professionals nationally (including http://www.familychiroplus.com/ and more), and they gave us some of the most common questions they think they should be asked before treatment starts. we have broken them down below, so without further ado, here are some important questions you should ask your chiropractor.
is the initial consultation free?
know whether they offer a free initial consultation. this tells you whether your questions will also be answered free of charge, helping you be more prepared for when you come. even if it helps you out, don’t cross out a chiropractor if they don’t offer a free consultation, this doesn’t make them a worse chiropractor.
what conditions do they treat?
ask if they treat conditions other than neuromusculoskeletal problems, that still have a mechanical origin. be wary if the state they can cure things like asthma, colic or ear infections, given that they might be greatly overstating what their practice can do.
what sort of education/training do they have?
if your chiropractor has obtained some kind post-graduate degree or has done special training that might help treat your specific condition, that’s a great sign that he’ll be properly qualified so that he can treat your problem. so don’t forget to ask about that.
you’d be surprised with the number of different chiropractic techniques that exist. some might go with gentle and gradual relief, while others use more forceful manipulation. no technique is better than the other, but what matters is that you feel comfortable with what they’ll be doing to you. in a similar train of thought, ask about their experience with the technique, as this helps assure its effectiveness.
get recommendations
while you might remember every single word you chiropractor says as soon as you leave his office, in a week or two the complicated medical words won’t be as clear in your head. that is why you should always ask for the recommendations to be done in writing. this also helps do further research, and have an idea of what was recommended if you with someone else.
ask if they offer additional services that can help with treatment, such as massage therapy, nutritional counseling, and physical therapy. in case he doesn’t offer them directly, you might find he knows about professionals in the area and can help coordinate the necessary plans.
what costs can you expect?
lastly, don’t forget about costs and time. on one hand, time not only helps you know what you should expect, while costs let you know what you’ll expect to pay. ask for billing as well, as certain clinics ask you to submit your claims, not all clinics work with your insurance plan, etc.




                    read more                    
                









may 19, 2018 rhonda 
atlanta economy trends in 2018 
 business 




 
atlanta economic trends for 2018
calling all job seekers, business builders, and investors. if you are looking for a booming economy to hitch your wagon on, look no further than atlanta, georgia. a veritable gold rush of population and job growth compared to the rest of the united states, atlanta is one of our top picks for cities on the grow in 2018. let’s take a look at some of the economic trends for this bustling metropolis in the year ahead.
a growing economy
atlanta is outpacing the national standard when it comes to new people and new jobs. in fact, 2016 was the best year for the growth of atlanta’s population since the great recession that left the nation economically asunder. a year later, and atlanta is still attracting new citizens, new businesses, and new opportunities. second only to san francisco in terms of growth of economy, atlanta is teeming with new careers in fields such as technology, business, insurance, transportation and utilities. coupling new business opportunities with a surprisingly large shipping trade means that atlanta is quickly becoming a hub of growth. in fact, according to this freight forwarding company, the opportunities for logistics and shipping freight in the atl area are expected to continue growing through 2019 and beyond.
increased hiring rates
there aren’t just more jobs opening up in atlanta, they are actually getting filled. while many regions throughout the nation are suffering from a skills gap that is forcing employers to leave positions vacant due to a lack of qualified applicants, atlanta reports almost a 24% increased rate of hire.
more jobs often don’t equate to more overall employment because lower skilled positions are being replaced by automation. but not so in atlanta. these new career openings are the result of new businesses flocking to the city and current businesses expanding in reaction to the booming economy. site selection magazine even declared atlanta to be the best city to start a business in due to low taxes and low business costs. as a result of being fertile ground for entrepreneurship, atlanta stands tall against such hefty job markets as silicon valley and boston, ma.
growth fueled by education
one of the leading contributors to atlanta’s economic boom are the local universities and colleges that are fueling the workplace. as the technology and it industries continue to expand throughout the city, institutes of higher education such as georgia tech are creating well-trained, forward thinking job seekers ready and willing to fill positions at big name businesses that have moved their innovation centers to atlanta’s tech square, such as honeywelll and general electric.
atlanta – a city on the grow
whether you are a graduating senior looking for the right college to attend, a job hunter searching for a bustling city teeming with career potential, or an entrepreneur searching for the perfect location to launch your new business, atlanta is calling your name.




                    read more                    
                









april 21, 2018may 19, 2018 rhonda 
welcome to the atlanta business blog! 
 business 



what is the blog about?
firstmcc atlanta business blog is going to feature articles about businesses that are either located in or operate in atlanta, ga. we’ll be covering everything from e-commerce businesses to local services providers and discuss everything from in-depth information about specific industries to interviews with business owners themselves.
the goal of the blog is to provide readers with an insight into business practices and trends that they may not have thought of before through the eyes of experienced industry professionals themselves.
our posting schedule will be fairly loose as this is a simple startup project, but we will try to get a couple posts out from different industries each month. coming up soon though we have two guys who run an airsoft e-commerce store, and a world-leader in freight shipping to discuss the ins and outs of what they do.




                    read more                    
                










search for:



  recent posts 

questions to ask your chiropractor


atlanta economy trends in 2018


welcome to the atlanta business blog!


categories 
business

business articles for consumers






all right reserved 2016

proudly powered by wordpress
 | 
				theme: gist by candid themes.			












