


nikon camera models

























    
	nikon camera models
	
  







friday, april 06, 2007



	 how to compare digital camera features
    




the day you decide that you need to buy a digital camera you will need to consider various facts. by doing this you will be ready to compare the various digital camera features and decide which digital camera you wish to buy. there are of course many features available when we talk about digital cameras so you will need to isolate what features interest you as a photographer before buying.so you may start by asking what are the features you want are or need that will help you take great looking photographs. one important factor you might want to consider is the amount of pixel that is offered on the various type of digital cameras.of course if you want to compare digital camera features like this you might want to have a buyer's guide that will list all the various features for each camera model. for example you will be able to compare the amount of pixels for each camera model you consider buying. always keep in mind that the amount of pixels will usually determine what will be the quality of your pictures. the more pixels you have the greater the quality.another factor you should consider when you compare digital camera features is: what will you do with your camera. is the camera you are looking at is for amateur photographer, semi-serious or serious photographers? determining this will bring you one step further from buying the camera you need.when you start to compare digital camera features you will soon be submerge by more info that you were actually looking for. they key is to look for the one you want instead of being overwhelmed by features you don't need. some of those feature apart form the pixel amount could be your picture options. do you want your pictures to turn into sepia, black and white or soft pictures with the use of your filter?one point i strongly suggest you look into when you compare digital camera features is the shooting modes you get with your camera. you should find indications about various features like the focusing or flash capabilities of various digital cameras. whether it is canon, nikon, olympus or any other brand of digital camera, make sure you don't overlook this aspect.of course the information you will gather to help you compare digital camera features will mostly be of technical nature. make sure you look at various sources of information. another great place to look for information is to buy photography magazines. they will help you compare digital camera features that allow you to take picture with special effects.these special effects could be special zoom capabilities that allow you to take pictures from a totally new angle or focus capabilities enabling you to crop some of the surrounding areas of you subject.of course if you want to take great picture (who doesn't want to) it helps to have many different helpful features in your camera. it is up to you to find what features you want in your camera by gathering the right information and doing research in magazine, internet articles and digital camera buyer's guide to help you compare digital camera features.



posted by edgar @ 9:36 am
0 comments






tuesday, april 03, 2007



	 wildlife photography case study - photographing birds
    




more and more it seems that bird-watching is becoming popular with segments of society i would not expect to take interest in it. certainly photographers of all walks of life are picking up their cameras and snapping beautiful shots of birds in flight, or pecking at seeds. come winter, i know some of us will be avidly searching for cardinals in the snow! it's really quite simple to photograph birds. read on for some tips from the experts.cameras and lenseswhen photographing wildlife in general, you will be far enough away from your subject that you will want a telephoto lens to get any kind of detailed close-up - see my article on zoom lenses for more information. you also want to be able to pan your camera as it moves across the sky, so either use a tripod that allows you easy movement, or be comfortable hand-holding your lens such that camera shake is minimized. a 300mm or 400mm lens is ideal, especially it if has rapid autofocus that works well with your cameras continuous autofocus (a.k.a. servo mode for canon cameras).techniqueexperts agree that any wildlife photo looks best when the eyes (at a minimum) are in focus. to that end, set your auto focusing point to the centre one since that generally results in the fastest focusing job. also, if you're using manual mode, set your aperture to its maximum (f/4, say), and meter off a neutral shade (the sky, perhaps) to close with an appropriate shutter speed. try to work it such that your shutter speed is at least 1/1000 second so that the entire bird is in sharp focus.when the bird enters the viewfinder's frame, start moving your camera with the bird and engage your autofocus on its head as best you can. continuous shooting grants you the best chance of getting a keeper, since at least one of the shots will likely turn out well.tips for getting started+ larger birds are easier to shoot than smaller birds, so if you can, start with the big ones - you have a better chance of capturing them in motion since they move slower and are easier to capture in a panning motion+ avoid busy background that detract from detailed feathers - aim for simple backgrounds, or use a long lens to blur the background (small f/stop for narrow depth of field)+ focus on the head (especially the eyes) of the bird, if at all possible+ overcast days yield better detail in feathers than direct sunlight+ keep your eye in the viewfinder and your finger on the shutter release so you don't miss a shot! + consider placing some bird food in a secluded spot, and then pre-focus your camera where you expect your bird friends to eat (you'll have to research what food they like to eat) + keep your hands off the food as much as possible to prevent your scent from deterring the wildlife from approaching - avoid wearing perfume or cologne



posted by edgar @ 6:57 am
0 comments






friday, march 30, 2007



	 the best way to clean your digital camera
    




this week i've been asked a barrel of questions! i'm very lucky to have such a loyal group of subscribers. one the questions i was asked was from john about digital camera cleaning and what sort of digital camera cleaning equipment did he need (a different john to last week).well don't do what i did before i knew anything about photography. it's embarrassing, but i'll tell you anyway. i was standing at a beautiful beach one balmy, aussie summers dusk and there was a rush of wind. it blew sand all over me and onto the digital camera. knowing 'zip' about digital camera care and maintenance at the time i cleaned the lense with the corner of my t-shirt and went on my merry way.when i arrived home that night i took out my digital camera to download the images to the computer and out fell small particles of sand onto the floor. i thought "what the..?" i was surprised to see so many grains. i took off the lense cap and there were sand granules embedded into the edge of the lense. and that particular digital camera lense has never retained the same sharpness and clarity since my various trips to the beach. after a while the sand granules on the lense caused the annoying lack of quality that i previously had. i've done a lot of dumb things in my time with digital photography from not knowing any better, and that was a doozy.thankfully i learnt and am now teaching digital photography. camera care and cleaning is a regular thing you should give your digital camera. and the best way to clean a lenes? carefully! this is why you should never take the edge of your t-shirt and clean it because unbeknownst to you, you could be leaving tiny trails of grit and dirt on the lense causing scratching.remember all digital camera lenses are made of glass. the clarity and sharpness  you get in your digital photos relies heavily on the surface of that glass to be squeaky clean. nothing must get onto the lense if you can help it. its pretty hard to keep a lense 100% clean because of dust particles floating around in the air, but you can get as close to100% as possible with some handy digital photography camera cleaning equipment.there are a couple of ways you can clean your digital cameras lens, and that's with a bit of spit…..just kidding. seriously, you must use a proper lense cleaning cloth. you can use cleaning fluid too. this can cause some streaking across the lense if you use too much. one drop on your lens cleaning cloth in a gentle circular motion with a will get most marks off a lens.in popular digital camera stores you can buy a pretty good lens cleaning fluid. it shouldn't be more than $20-$25 depending on where you go. the digital camera lense cleaning fluid is an alcohol-based fluid that, just between you and me, i wouldn't take my digital camera out without it. the digital camera lens cleaning fluid is ideal because it's not solely for dust but accidental finger prints and other unplanned smudges.don't forget about your other digital camera filters too. you can have a polariser on the front of your lens which will most likely need a clean if you're using your digital camera a lot, or if you are using it outside for a day. you'll be amazed at how dirty the lens can get. if you're not sure, grab a lense cleaning kit from your nearest digital camera store.personally i have several lens cleaning cloths, lens cleaning fluid, a brush with an air capsule to blow of dust then brush, cotton buds to get into the crevasse and a small leather pouch i keep it all in. the leather pouch is actually a small ladies purse. i bought it for the size and the durability and protection it gave my cleaning equipment.no more wiping the lense with a t-shirt! (heaven forbid!)



posted by edgar @ 9:17 am
0 comments






sunday, march 25, 2007



	 mr bar-b-q 02077p 5 piece platinum prestige tool set
    




one red and one blue digital workout monitor/digital pedometer final price:$8.99description : want to track your calories consumption from your daily activities, like a casual walk or a workout? and want to know the distance of your walking/jogging? now this digital pedometer makes all these simple.go to meritline.com add to shopping cart for $12.99 at checkout apply $4 off special coupon code : hw2000904off  (exp.3/27)  final price : $12.99 - $4 = $8.99 + free shipping +   no tax (except ca, ma)  click here to grab this deal from meritline.comgrab more hot deals at stealzone.com



posted by edgar @ 6:26 pm
0 comments






friday, march 23, 2007



	 xbox 360 with 20 gb hard drive + free (12-months xbox live gold subscription card or wireless controller or gears of war game )
    




xbox 360 with 20 gb hard drive + free (12-months xbox live gold subscription card or wireless controller or gears of war game ) final price:$399description : it features a console with premium chrome finish and a custom-designed xbox 360 central processing unit (cpu) that runs at extremely high speed owing to its three separate core processors that clock in at 3.2 ghz each. xbox 360 boasts a custom ati graphics processor that clocks in at a blistering 500 mhz. it features 512 mb of ram and utilizes 48 parallel shader pipelines in the gpu.     how to get this deal:    click here     to go to dell home s&p add to shopping cart for $399    final price : $399 + free shipping   +   tax   click here to grab this deal from dell.comgrab more hot deals at stealzone.com



posted by edgar @ 6:27 pm
0 comments






tuesday, march 20, 2007



	 just like home: my mini iron board 7 piece set
    




1 watt headlamp with adjustable band, ultra bright led light with flash function, requires 3*aaa battery not included, waterproof list price:$19.99  you save:  $10final price:$9.99description : color: silver, single 1w high intensity led, extensive lifetime of led(100,000 hours), much brighter than the standard led, low power consumption, adjustable head strap with forehead cushion for a comfortable fit, adjustable inclination, waterproof, flashing function, power: 3 x aaa batteries (not included).go to meritline.com add to shopping cart for $19.99 at checkout apply $10off coupon code : hw24800610off  (exp.3/21)  final price : $19.99 -$10 = $9.99 + free shipping +   no tax (except ca, ma)  click here to grab this deal from meritline.comgrab more hot deals at stealzone.com



posted by edgar @ 7:23 pm
0 comments






saturday, march 17, 2007



	 wilson pudge equipment bag with mini sports bag (black)
    




black and decker bl950 straight tube blower list price:$69.95  you save:  $39.56final price:$30.39description : powerful 140 mph max. blow speed easily clears surfaces; adjustable shoulder strap reduces weight; large switch for easy on/off; cord retention with pigtail prevents blower from coming unplugged; low noise design;go to amazon.com add to shopping cart for $30.39  final price : $30.39 + free shipping + no tax (except ks, ky, nd & wa)    click here to grab this deal from amazon.comgrab more hot deals at stealzone.com



posted by edgar @ 7:11 pm
0 comments











about me

name:  edgar 
location:  oakland, california, united states 
view my complete profile








 links



bookmark 
digg itdel.icio.usfurl itredditblogmarksspurl itrss atom
 previous posts

how to compare digital camera features
wildlife photography case study - photographing birds
the best way to clean your digital camera
mr bar-b-q 02077p 5 piece platinum prestige tool set
xbox 360 with 20 gb hard drive + free (12-months x...
just like home: my mini iron board 7 piece set
wilson pudge equipment bag with mini sports bag (b...
summer infant, #02170secure sounds2.4 ghz digital ...
sandisk sdsdh-2048-901 2 gb ultra ii secure digita...
pentax optio e10 6mp digital camera with 3x optica...

 archives

april 2006
november 2006
december 2006
january 2007
february 2007
march 2007
april 2007









 








