




financial justice ireland | home page




























skip to content



financial justice ireland











who we areshow who we are sub-menuoverviewwhy financial justiceour visionshow our vision sub-menustrategic planour membersshow our members sub-menuinstitutional membersour teamour approachshow our approach sub-menucode of good practice in development educationour fundingaccountsour historyshow our history sub-menu20 years of ddci - in picturespast campaignsour audited accountswhat is financial justice?show what is financial justice? sub-menuthe global financial systemdebtshow debt sub-menuillegitimate debtauditsirelandtaxshow tax sub-menubeneficial ownershipautomatic exchange of informationcountry-by-country reportinginternational financial institutionspublic private partnershipswhat we doshow what we do sub-menuour work with adultsshow our work with adults sub-menubook clubecono...wha? coursefinancial justice ireland #filmclubwebinars & eventspost-primary workshow post-primary work sub-menuteachers portalplain-english economicsresourcespast campaignsshow past campaigns sub-menudrop greek debtthe people's purse campaign - 2014citizens for financial justiceresourcesshow resources sub-menuresource findershow resource finder sub-menuuseful linkswebinars'plain-english' economicscovid-19 infographics / school postersinitial teacher education (ite)show initial teacher education (ite) sub-menuresource padletsubject-specific resource bookletsclimate change & economics: an overvieworder resource bookletsecono-wha?show econo-wha? sub-menuwhat is econo-wha?how to use econo-whaecono-wha resourcesshow econo-wha resources sub-menupart 1: asking whypart 2: understanding the world to change it2a. questioning economics2b. women, the environment and economics2c. migration and economics2d. what is the market?part 3: a world in crisis3a. the global financial crisis of 20083b. global debt slavery3c. tax: who pays their fair share3d. who has the power?part 4: hope and alternatives4a. the people respondtools for popular educationglossarythe original bloggersecono-wha blog postsshow econo-wha blog posts sub-menu1. critical literacy – thinking about how we think about things2a. is mainstream economics common sense?2b. being a feminist in the 1980s2d. what is the market?3a. the cause and impact of the global financial crisis3b. are financial crises a new problem?3c. how does the tax system work and who benefits?3d. power and decision making in the global economy4a. how have social movements reacted to the crisis?get involvedshow get involved sub-menujoin the teacher's portaleventsdonatesign upnewssign updonate




 facebook twitter instrgram youtube search







search for




















video: why do we pay taxes?
and why should we care if others do? 





new leaving cert applied resources
lca social education 





video: what's wrong with the international financial system?
as part of our citizens for financial justice project, we have produced a short …





previous



next







educators
register to gain access to our teacher's portal.


learn more
what do we mean by financial justice.












sign up for our newsletter

supporters sign up
educators sign up





follow us on social
 facebook twitter instrgram youtube



















call for sub-grant proposals related to ffd4 under the ‘connecting the dots’ eu dear project
27 november 2024


read more ...








book launch: global citizenship education - curious teachers critical classrooms
01 may 2024


read more ...








research consultancy: challenges and opportunities to address the dominant economic paradigm in development education
09 april 2024


read more ...











this website was produced with the financial support of the european union. it is the sole responsibility of citizens for financial justice and financial justice ireland and does not necessarily reflect the views of the european union.
this website has also been developed with funding from irish aid’s worldwise global schools. irish aid’s worldwise global schools is the national programme for global citizenship education (gce) for post-primary schools in ireland. the ideas, opinions and comments on this website are entirely the responsibility of its authors and do not necessarily represent or reflect worldwise global schools and/or irish aid policy.














financial justice ireland


								12 parliament street, temple bar,
								dublin 2,
								ireland, d02 hv05
							

campaign@financialjustice.ie



 facebook
 instagram
 twitter
 youtube






privacy statementcookie policyaccessibility statementsearchcontact us



who we are
what is financial justice
join us
teachers' portal
learn more











copyright © 2025 financial justice ireland


digital revolutionaries




back to top





our website uses cookies


we would like to use cookies on our site. you can choose to accept and agree to this use, or you can manage your settings to adjust your choices.
learn about how we use cookies.

manage cookies
accept all cookies





necessary cookies
							these cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off.
						




functional cookies
							these cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. if you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
						




analytics cookies
							these cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site.
						




advertising cookies
							these cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners.
						

save these settings





cookie settings










