






dajisoft inc.















































toggle navigation


















home

products
services
support
contact
customers

















								
								 since 1995 we have enabled thousands of businesses to meet today's competitive markets. with rigorous understanding of industry’s complex problems, dcp-e was designed keeping in mind ease of use, reliability and versatility.
								


 


                                 	with more than 4,000 installations, time-tested dryclean pro makes it the choice software for the most successful drycleaners in the trade.
                             
								
what's new












                                about us
                                

                                 
									our strength is the wealth of experience we have in business solutions, ease of use, and robust products. with thorough understandings of technology, market trends and analytics on board, we provide cost-effective solutions with thorough market analysis, research and development.

                                









 




what's new

                            with dcpe’s new features, you can run multiple stores reports from one location. we have introduced dcp-mobile, now your clients can get their garments' status, view payment history, and much more from their cellphones. a plug and play tracking device in your delivery vehicle allows you to track and manage your vehicle’s detailed movements, reducing idle time and late arrivals.		












                                    dryclean pro enterprise
                                


                                    with enhanced features
                                













                                    dcp mobile
                                


                                    your clients are connected to your business
                                













dcp web



click here for a demo
















                                   market your business
                                


                                    our creative team will bridge your marketing gap
                                













                                    rent out dcpe
                                


                                    now you can rent dcpe on monthly basis
                                    
                                













                                    uniform tracker
                                


                                   track every single piece of uniform.
                                





 




quick links

							access industry's important links below.
							






 



technical support
obtain technical live support











download demo
download demos from our website...











industry's link
see our innovations for the cleaning industry here...











upcoming events and shows
where you can find us in upcoming exhibition?











visit us on facebook
find us on facebook











what's new
checkout what new solutions we offer to the industry













dcp web
store's clients can check their garment status via web-browser





 






want more...?

contact us









copyright: . designed by dajisofttm 



























 

