




the guild theatre | community theatre rockdale sydney





































 













 skip to main contentthe guild theatrecommunity theatre based in rockdale, sydneycurrent production
2025 season
book tickets
join the guild
more…

notices
past productions
about us
gallery
contact us



search this website










 

night must fall14 mar – 05 aprlearn more




 

2025 guild theatre seasona season of thrills and side-splitting laughs!learn more




 

nurturing local talentyour local community theatrelearn more




 

community theatre at its bestphoto gallerylearn more









our mission
the guild theatre aims to be a vibrant community theatre group that nurtures local theatrical talent and provides first class entertainment to its patrons.
who are we?
the guild theatre, based in rockdale, is considered one of the best community theatre groups in australia. since 1952, the guild theatre has produced over 250 plays, from shakespeare to david williamson. our repertoire has included drama, comedy, classics, children’s plays and musical plays.
our loyal patrons, numbering over 2,000, have been a major contributing factor to the guild’s success. they fill the theatre to capacity for 4 to 5 seasons a year; each season having 15 performances over a five-week period.
our membership of dedicated and skilled performers and practitioners ensures that the standard of production and performance has never been higher. such standards are reflected in the strong patronisation and subscriber base that continues to grow and sustain our efforts.
the comfortable, well-equipped guild theatre itself is yet another legacy of the past. the theatre retains its federation character while possessing all modern conveniences and technical necessities.










privacy policy | our sponsors











the guild theatre is proud to acknowledge australia’s first nations as the traditional owners and custodians of the lands on which we perform. we pay our respects to elders past and present and through them to all aboriginal and torres strait islander peoples.















