


game on revolution




































enter your search terms

submit search form



















contributors

kmaxx
game on








chat live now


our friends

game on store
kmaxx's blog
game on nintendo
go nintendo
indy gamer
gooddealgames
button basher
dynamicproweb.com
wii.com
nintendo-revolution.blogspot.com
gamingdump
new generation
nintendojo
cubed3
4cr
nintendo-revolution-world
gamespectrum
the wiire
sickr
mozlapunk
following revolution
toads castle
nintendogossip
nintendo nation
everything wii
nintendo wii zone
loyal n fan
nintendo warriors
wii-volution
wii nation
nintendo 24/7
livenintendo
wiicade
wiicheats
nintendo players
my wii remote

how many games do you own for wii?1-22-33-44-55-66+  free polls from pollhost.com




recent comments



gameonnintendo.com!still here?!?!?!  go to gameonn...




still here?hola gamers and how are you on this eve...
say hello to new scarface screens!source
site issues....yet again...new site!i first want t...
latest egm reviewswant to see how the newest ninte...
hudson supportthe good guys over at hudson enterta...


archives

january 2006
february 2006
march 2006
april 2006
may 2006
june 2006
july 2006
august 2006
september 2006
october 2006
november 2006
december 2006
january 2007
february 2007
march 2007
april 2007
june 2007
july 2007










monday, july 16, 2007




gameonnintendo.com!still here?!?!?!  go to gameonnintendo.com now!



posted by game on at 10:13 am














posted by game on at 10:00 am






wednesday, july 11, 2007








posted by game on at 6:47 pm














posted by game on at 3:00 pm






saturday, june 23, 2007








posted by game on at 6:04 pm






monday, april 02, 2007




still here?hola gamers and how are you on this evening?  i have been neck deep in bringing over all of the content from this site and relocating here to our brand new site here.  be sure to check it out and let us know what you think.spread the word and we look forward to hearing from all of you.  be sure to check out the contest too!labels: gameon site updates



posted by game on at 10:35 pm










say hello to new scarface screens!sourcelabels: wii game screens



posted by game on at 7:21 pm






sunday, april 01, 2007




site issues....yet again...new site!i first want to thank all of you who have put up with our site issues as of late. it has been both annoying and time consuming with minimal results. i have no idea what happened to our banner and our side buttons that link you to the podcasts and forums. believe me i have tried everything and blogger hasn't been all that helpful.with that being said, i would like to present to you what kmaxx and i have been working on so diligently....gamers i give to you.......gameonnintendokeep in mind gamers that this is a beta version of the new site and will likely change in the near future. no this is not an april fools joke. this has been in the works for literally months now and i can't think of a better time to announce this.i thank you all again for your continued patience and please enjoy the new site. it's the same gameon, just in a newer, sleeker skin. enjoy!**for all of those looking for gameonrevolution's official forums, click here!



posted by game on at 8:43 am






saturday, march 31, 2007




latest egm reviewswant to see how the newest nintendo wii games fared with egm this month? look no further gamers, we have your back! here is the scores:super paper mario (wii, nintendo): 8, 9, 9 cooking mama: cook off (wii, majesco): 7, 8, 7.5medal of honor: vanguard (wii, ea): 4, 4, 6i cannot wait until super paper mario!labels: wii game reviews



posted by game on at 3:20 pm










hudson supportthe good guys over at hudson entertainment have been a strong supporter of nintendo wii, both through their wii titles and through their virtual console offerings by giving us numerous titles already in the wii's short, but successful lifespan.according to hudson’s virtual console website, we can expect more classic titles to hit come april. five turbografx-16 games are listed for release next month, including four hudson-produced titles and one by namco. here are the games are:- dragon’s curse, rpg, hudson soft, releases 4/2/2007- bravoman, action, namco bandai- bonk’s revenge, action, hudson soft- battle lode runner, puzzle/action, hudson soft- shockman, action, hudson softmore good news for the vc. stay tuned.sourcelabels: vc update



posted by game on at 12:25 pm










site issuesi just love it when everything goes just the way you want it.  if you haven't sensed the sarcasm, trust me it's there.  if you haven't noticed, we are having some issues with our banner and buttons displaying properly on the opening page.  i am sorry for the inconvenience but i assure you i am working on it.  i think i may need to go back to school and learn html inside and out.  the news however will not slow down, so keep it here gamers and please deal with the site being a little ugly for the time being.  game on.labels: gameon site updates



posted by game on at 8:55 am










nintendude#1 saturday comicit's saturday ladies and toads and that can only mean one thing; nintendude#1 comics!  i hope you enjoy this edition as much as i did.  this week we are treated to 2 comics courtesy of nintendude#1.  enjoy.labels: nintendude comics



posted by game on at 8:49 am






friday, march 30, 2007




wwe smackdown vs raw wii footage



posted by game on at 7:38 pm










first nights screens!i guess it's true gamers and it's going to be exclusive to wii!  nights will also feature a 2 player mode and utilize wii-connect 24.  more as it breaks!labels: wii game screens



posted by game on at 2:16 pm










king of clubs trailerbelow if the official press release of this newly announced humorous game, king of clubs.  i'm still not sure what to make of the game.the sun blazes down relentlessly here in the nevada desert. route 66 is nearby but not that many cars pass this way. you could say it’s rather deserted…but all that is set to change because big bubba, the state’s leading entrepreneur is about to transform this less than lively location into a thriving tourist attraction!he may not have big bucks to invest but he’s got plenty of imagination and drive. this summer, this hot and dusty corner of the usa will become nevada’s no.1 holiday hot spot!but y’know, you can’t be too careful. big bubba has had one hell of an idea for drawing those tourists and their greenbacks into his new business venture, so he’d be crazy to risk some other wheeler-dealer copying his brainchild. therefore for now, he’s going to be uncharacteristically tight-lipped about the exact nature of nevada’s biggest and brightest tourist attraction!this is the setting for king of clubs - a fun and engaging trick-based action puzzle game. the game’s distinctive vintage americana graphics and soundtrack, along with its appealingly humorous multiplayer mode should make it one of this summer’s surprise hits. the game has 96 levels, including 10 multi-level challenges, plus bonus areas, and offers hours of game play and a host of gadgets.big bubba will of course, in the fullness of time, reveal more about nevada’s hottest tourist attraction and this summer’s most unusual game – he recommends that you watch out for more information on his latest business venture.king of clubs is due to be published for the wii™,, playstation®2 and pc on 20th july 2007 by oxygen games™. psp® (playstation®portable) systemand nintendo ds™ system versions will follow and will retail at £24.99 for all formats.source



posted by game on at 8:57 am








 













