

andargor's home



















wizards of the coast
en world forums
pcgen home page






battlestar galactica d20
    rules for battlestar galactica d20, by bill canavan, sean little, and mark t. hrisho. (3 mb)

wizards of the coast forums - bsg d20 info thread


d&d 3.5 - srd 3.5 database
    data from the d&d 3.5 srd, with full text, in various formats. includes epic and psionic data with the xph errata. (3 mb)

    formats available:

 xml, mysql
 microsoft access (thanks to teknohippy)
     microsoft sql (thanks to lex)
     microsoft sql 2005 compact edition (thanks to jean-michel bezeau)
     sqlite (thanks to highmage)
    
    currently included:

classes
    domains
    equipment
    feats
    magic, psionic and epic items
    monsters
    powers
    skills
    spells
    
please report any errors.. (current version: 1.3)

    
  

d&d 3.5 - various formats of the srd 3.5
    these files are the system reference document 3.5 in various html, xml, and chm formats.
    
hyperlinked html files, for browsing (monster images included)

offline searchable html version of the srd 3.5 (v1.3, 21 mb)
plain hyperlinked html version of the srd 3.5 (v1.3, 15 mb)
windows help file (.chm) version (v1.3, 16 mb)


xml files, for parsing

custom xml version with xsl for html conversion (v1.3, 2.2 mb)
hyperlinked docbook xml version. monster images included. (v1.3, 14 mb)


please report any errors..
	
    

d&d 3.5 - jamis buck's npc generator (windows)
    jamis buck's npc generator, updated to 3.5e. sources are also available.

    visit the online version at jamis' site!

please report any errors.. (current version: 2.0.5 beta)

    

d&d 3.5 - mixed-cr el/xp calculator
    excel spreadsheet to calculate the encounter level of mixed cr encounters and associated xp for variable level parties. supports epic xp progression. new: chi/rho method now included

excel version
open office version by maelen
    

please report any errors.. (current version: 1.6)
    
    

d&d 3.5 - epic spell designer
    excel spreadsheet for designing epic spells.
please report any errors.. (current version: 1.3)
    
    

d&d 3.5 - srd spells and monsters (obsolete)
why is it obsolete? this has been superceded by the srd 3.5 xml and mysql database, above.
    mysql and xml spell and monster data from the d&d 3.5 srd, with full text.
please report any errors.. (current version: 20040407)
    
    

d&d 3.5 - pre-generated npc packs (obsolete)
why is it obsolete? these have been generated using a very old version of the npc generator (2.0.2 alpha). the feat and spell selection is therefore suboptimal.
    more npcs than you will ever need! generated using jamis buck's npc generator, updated by yours truly to 3.5e. include pdf character sheets generated by pcgen, and pcgen character files (obviously, you don't need pcgen for the character sheets). npcs included are mid to high level, and there are 50 per pack:
    
barbarians
bards
clerics
druids
fighters
monks
paladins
rangers
rogues
sorcerers
wizards
multi-class
npc classes



d&d 3.5 - srd spells (xml and xslt) (obsolete)
why is it obsolete? this was based on a very old spell list, before the srd 3.5 epic and psionic update.
    pretty cool xslt version of the srd 3.5 spells, by peter burtt. open the xml, and you get a very nicely formatted spell list!
please report any errors.. (current version: 20030727)
    















kotor 2 official site
lucasarts
holowan laboratories






kotor 2:tsl - holowan cloakworks 2

      applies any disguise in the game by equipping an armband.

instructions:

dump all files into override. open console, and type "giveitem hl_i_disguisexxx" where xxx is one of the numbers in the readme. an armband will appear in your inventory. equip it, and the disguise will be applied. remove it, and the disguise will be removed. example: giveitem hl_i_disguise600 will give you the armband that transforms you into evil kreia.

warning: some of these disguise will make your game crash. i have not gone through all of them.

enjoy!

credits:


eiz, for the "equip to use" tip used in the original.
lil' jawa, one of the "old guard".
fred tetra for his great tools (his tools)
general kenobi, for motivating me to update the original cloakworks, his headshop mod may be found in this thread. 














bioware
lucasarts
holowan laboratories






sw:kotor - holowan extradimensional emporium

      adventuring and lacking that one piece of gear? never fear, holowan is here!

with the holowan extradimensional emporium mark i (he2 mk i for short), you will have instantaneous access to any and all items available in kotor!

as well, the virtual shopkeeper will sell you the items for free! yes, you heard right, free! and he restocks everytime he is invoked as well!

but that's not all! you can sell him items at full price! yes, indeed!

can't get a better deal than that...


sw:kotor - holowan cloakworks

      applies any disguise in the game by equipping an armband.

instructions:

dump all files into override. open console, and type "giveitem hl_i_disguisexxx" where xxx is one of the numbers below. an armband will appear in your inventory. equip it, and the disguise will be applied. remove it, and the disguise will be removed. example: giveitem hl_i_disguise022 will give you the armband that transforms you into darth revan.

warning: some of these disguises will make your game crash. i have not gone through all of them.

i think it has to do with different heads that have to be applied for some models, such as the twi'lek ones.



sw:kotor - souvenirs of the dark lord and lady

t3-m4 and hk-47 made a few pics of darth revan and his dark lady bastila during their escapades across the galaxy following their victory over the ursurper malak and the republic. even lords of the sith have to have some vacations, no? all large pictures (select appropriate size) are 1600x1200 for your viewing pleasure, and perhaps good candidates for wallpaper? enjoy!
      

view photo album



sw:kotor - bastila across the galaxy

t3-m4 took a few pictures of bastila across different the different landscapes offered by the galaxy. all large pictures (select appropriate size) are 1600x1200 for your viewing pleasure? enjoy!
      

view photo album



sw:kotor - fun pictures

      some fun pictures, thanks to the people at holowan laboratories who discovered a way to change the models. revan, the bastila twins, a rancor, malak, and a krayt dragon! all large pictures (select appropriate size) are 1600x1200 for your viewing pleasure? enjoy!
      

view photo album
















america's army forums







team oriented player (top) list

      a list of players that have been recognized by their peers for their excellent teamwork in aa.
      

blind firing with the m203

      a demonstration on how the m203 can be fired effectively on limited visibility maps using reference points.
      

blind firing with the saw

      a demonstration on how the saw (m249) can be fired effectively on limited visibility maps using reference points.
      













elder scrolls forums
morrowind summit forums






mgen 0.2 alpha
    mgen has finally been released, it's rough and unstable, but it is usable.
    
    mgen is used to import maps, add textures and objects using rules, and export to esp for play in morrowind. it's not meant as a replacement for the tes editor, but it should make the job of creating maps a lot easier.to create randomly generated maps, check out terragen. mgen supports the terragen file format (.ter).
    
screenshots

user interface
generated terrain 1
generated terrain 2
generated terrain 3
generated terrain 4














andargor@yahoo.com




aws




