





home - uniglobe travel international
















 














loginuniglobe app 













travel international 






business traveltravel managementglobal solutionsmeetings and eventsleisure traveldestination guidesjoin uniglobebusiness opportunitiescareersabout uniglobemanagement teamcommunity involvementdiversity & inclusionnews 

contact us






 























join the uniglobe family
access tools and technology to grow your business and make new connections. 
join us










global travel partner
trust uniglobe travel to help you care for your most important asset – your people.
travel with us




 

 

 



get the most from your business travel budget uniglobe travel professionals understand the complexities of business travel and meetings management. what sets us apart? our unrivalled dependability, responsiveness and obsession to detail.why choose uniglobe travel?we recommend cost-saving strategies and technologies to maximize the value of your budget. whether you spend $50,000 or $5 million annually on business travel, we promise to deliver the highest levels of service quality.technologies that transformwe use proven technologies to help you manage your business for optimal results. you can choose to self-manage or let uniglobe travel take care of administration. use our mobile app to stay in control of your travel plans. tap into our local knowledgeuniglobe travel experts live and work in 60 countries across six continents. looking to expand your reach to new markets? we understand the global travel landscape better than any other travel management company. plan memorable meetings and eventsuniglobe meetings & events takes the stress out of meeting and incentive travel planning. we negotiate the best group pricing to deliver exceptional value on hotels, meeting spaces and airfares – from sought-after cities to unique global destinations.optimize your duty of care offeringprotecting travellers and keeping them safe is our highest priority. our advanced tracking, reporting and booking programs help you reduce risk and maximize traveller safety and well-being.experience the adventure of a lifetimeplanning an exotic cruise or adventure? our destination experts around the world can advise you on where to stay, how to get there and what to do once you arrive!  uniglobe travel operates around the world to offer you the best travel management solutions and strongest supplier relationships in the travel industry. our vision is simple: to drive our clients’ success through better travel 


 







														business travel
														








														leisure travel
														








														leadership team
														








														find an agent
														



 




 


travel ideas and tips
more on our blog ⟶






all about flight delays
weather is a common target to blame for flight delays, however the majority of delays are caused by a var...


read more








largest north american carshare network closes


read more






arrive at your london meeting – bag-free


read more






lax changing taxi and ride-hail pickups


read more






use google timeline to track your movement


read more


 
















travel international 



world headquarters1285 west pender street, suite 500vancouver, british columbia v6e 4b11-604-718-2600 








 






privacy policyterms of use 


© 2004 – 2025 uniglobe travel international limited partnership -  all agencies independently owned and operated.























