



 


vivid photography and imaging - murielle sassine - fun, fresh, forever photography







































































































 



								menu							





home
about
what we do

family photography sydney
women
corporate, branding & editorial


gallery
charity work

women’s breast cancer book project


booking your session
pricing, products & wall art
gift certificates
teaching & coaching
blog
contact
 








contact us












 











instagram
 



facebook-f
 



linkedin
 









contact us































 









 
















a beautiful blend of family connections, unforgettable moments & emotive photography 



























why murielle sassine? 



western sydney’s leading portrait photographer specialising in families, women, corporate & editorial

 



murielle sassine is qualified professional photographer with over 20 years experience. she captures gorgeous heartfelt imagery and crafts timeless memories into forever artwork. expect nothing less than a seamless, professional but fun experience. 



b. visual communication (photography & imaging) 






about murielle















choose your sunset, studio or in home experience 


















						sunset					


						learn more					














						studio					


						learn more					














						in-home					


						learn more					















discover our other sessions 


















						family					


						learn more					














						women					


						learn more					














						business & editorial					


						learn more					














						charity projects					


						learn more					



















give me a moment & i'll create a lifetime of memories 















have a specific location in mind? we'd love to hear more! 






contact us today


























charity 



celebrating "you" 



everyday australian women will lose their life from breast cancer. help us bring an end to breast cancer and support those touched by this disease. funds raised will be donated to the national breast cancer foundation and each woman photographed will feature in a new and exclusive book featuring other women just like you. book on sale now! 



 






learn more















 







book available now! 



“uplifting. a celebration of women” volume 1 by murielle sassine available now on amazon. the first edition features some of the amazing women photographed by sydney’s leading women’s photographer to help raise funds for the national breast cancer foundation. 






grab your copy today!















step by step 



book your session 



booking your photography session is easy! here is a step by step guide of how it works from booking your session, the photography shoot to the collection of your beautiful custom artwork. 






learn more





































our products & wallart 



artwork inspired by you 



vivid photography & imaging specialises in creating unique handcrafted artwork to compliment your interior space. we have a large range of high quality, australian made, products and wall art pieces that include a lifetime guarantee and complimentary digital retouching and polishing. 






view our products & wall art















gift certificates 



a gift for all occasions​ 



fill your family home with lasting memories that will be cherished forever. all sessions booked cover your photography session time with murielle sassine, basic editing and include a purchasing session where you can relive the fun of your shoot and choose your favourite photos to take home. the presentation of our gift certificates are simply stunning and beautifully wrapped in our signature ribbon. once we have received your order, we will express post your gift certificate. you also have the option to purchase an instant digital gift certificate that is emailed to you. 






purchase a gift certificate






























payment options 



we offer a range of payment options to suit everybody including credit card, direct transfer and convenient direct debit plans from paysmart & interest free payment plans from payright. 



 



 















on the blog 









 





women 


30 inspiring quotes on women empowerment to celebrate strength 

a big shout-out to every powerful woman and friend in our circle! it’s time we talk about the incredible power of women. let me share with you, thirty quotes on women empowerment brought to life ...













 





photo shoot preparation 


what to wear to a photoshoot 

clothing suggestions for your portrait photography session. the selection of proper clothing for your portrait is a critical factor in the preparation for a successful portrait. if the clothing is noticeable or overbearing in a ...













 





destination photography 


happiest smiles: capturing joy in every frame 

in the world of photography, there’s something truly magical about capturing the happiest smiles. at vivid photography & imaging, murielle sassine believes in the power of genuine, joyous expressions that showcase the beauty of true ...


















more from the blog















 














have a mercedes-benz gift certificate? 






register here















lovely words 










anna markovic



    stunning photos, stunning services and most importantly stunning photographer... highly recommended.











brooke dixon-mcparland



    murielle is fantastic! she took amazing photos of my twin boys they were 9 months old - which was feat in itself! she was so patient with them while my mom and i positioned them to get the best shot possible! i would recommend murielle to all of my family and friends! and the photos are amazing! i am in love!











kostinken pohorukov



    to be honest, i'm not photogenic person but i enjoyed watching my family portrait been captured. the photos were amazing! especially when my daughter smiled... she rarely smiles at the best of times. thank you again!











tabetha may couri



    murielle has done a fantastic job of capturing our family in the best light! these moments are preserved for our children's memories and it's the best investment we've made in a long time. i love my photos.











mardiair meads



    fantastic! murielle captured my family in its true element. precisely what i wanted. she is outgoing, made the shoot fun and enjoyable for the kids and whole family . murielle definitely made sure we were happy and went to lengths to ensure our satisfaction and that the final product was high quality. thanks again murielle, you are wonderful and i recommend anyone to see you if they want a great photographer and photos taken.







 














ready to book? 



schedule your murielle sassine photography experience today! 






book now






























        1    

        0    




                open            

























        7    

        3    




                open            
 























        46    

        6    




                open            

























        35    

        7    




                open            
 
























        10    

        2    




                open            
 
























        29    

        11    




                open            
 


































 







let's connect 






facebook




instagram




linkedin











contact  





studio | bossley park, sydney australia


0450 554 711 (iclem senol-studio manager) 


0412 923 789 (murielle sassine-photographer)














©2025 vivid photography & imaging pty ltd. all rights reserved | terms | privacy policy 


























download our magazine
+ pricing guide 











								first name							




								email address							





i'd love a copy!


















































