




quoth the raven "nevermore"




































































































































?

?









































































































































                                    





























































































































































livejournal






find more


communities


rss reader




shop









                                help
                            







                                    search
                                









                                    log in



























log in




                                        join free
                                    

                                        join
                                    







                                          english
                                        
                                        (en)
                                

english (en)

русский (ru)

українська (uk)

français (fr)

português (pt)

español (es)

deutsch (de)

italiano (it)

беларуская (be)













































ice_shard
—














< no suspend reason >









readability




















                    more
                














ice_shard







                                archive
                            



                                photos
                            



                                video
                            





readability






























log in


no account?
create an account








































remember me



                                forgot password
                            




                        log in
                        














log in









qr code

























































no account?

                    create an account
                
by logging in to livejournal using a third-party service you accept livejournal's user agreement







quoth the raven "nevermore" 

[most recent entries]
[calendar view]
[friends]

below are the 19 most recent journal entries recorded in
claire's livejournal:


tuesday, february 14th, 20062:41 pm
 well i havnt been on in a while so this is just to let you know that i am not snobbing any of, instead i was taking a holiday in transylvania but am now back! ah, another loveless valentines day has come and passed, but i don't mind.yay! shaynah's got a secret admirer! current mood:  awake
(3 comments |comment on this)tuesday, december 27th, 20055:21 pm
fun with dick and jane haha best christmas!!i got a romanian phrase book! now i shall learn to speak the language of the vampires!unfortunatly they dont have the work 'suck' so i can't learn to say, "i vant to suck your blooooooood" however they do have "gastritis" so all is not lost."putem face un camping aici?" pronounced pootem facheh oon campeeng aeech. it means "can we go camping here?" now you can all speak romanian!!and..........i got live aid!!! best present ever! i can't tell you how great it is! they've lost a bit of the footage but thats ok coz they still have most of the important people.i should have gone to live 8, it was the biggest concert probably in my lifetime. sure, it was overseas but somehow i would have managed it! current mood:  ecstatic
(3 comments |comment on this)wednesday, december 14th, 20054:40 pm
 2 days!!!!yay so happythey must be the best 2 days ever!i just got fooled by some love calculatorhaha very embarrasingon the last day we should pour paint on us!very sad todayshaynah was awayand so was heaps of other peopleeveryone away :(oh wellohpe you all had a good day 
(comment on this)monday, december 5th, 20056:05 pm
happy all the time i'm not really allowed to talk about this. so the person (who isnt one of us) will remain nameless. this is pretty much me talking to myself i don't know what to doi don't understand what she's feelingshe can't do itit's not a new beginning,its an ending,reincarnation?i wish i had religioni dont know what to sayto make her seeshe's scaring meand there's nothing i can do,fuckam i a freak? all these things happen to peopleexcept me.i don't want them to happen to mewhy am i always so happy?i shouldnt be, but i ami can't help thatto anyone reading this,i'm finei'm just worried current mood:  worried
(2 comments |comment on this)tuesday, november 22nd, 20054:45 pm
bah humbug i've realised ive given up on girls in generalthey're such bitchesgod, how dare they write things about my friends in tolietswhat makes them think they have the right to do things like that?shirin and kendallobviously these people havnt even bothered to try and get to know themor theyd see that what they write about them is a load of shiti know that whoever did it isnt going to be reading this but,im going to write this anyway! current mood:  angry
(3 comments |comment on this)wednesday, november 2nd, 20055:02 pm
 haha. i have the best dad ever.i was feeling crap this morning because of school and everythingand thenand thenhe gives me a david bowie cd his friend gave himall mine!!so wonderful.and then i was shopping and this guystole a simple plan posterand this fat lady tried to catch himbut he got awayexciting stuff!! 
(2 comments |comment on this)tuesday, october 25th, 20054:03 pm
omg omg!!!!o         m       g    the worst crime of our generation has been commitedin years to come people will still remember itchildrens dreams have been shatteredour lives turned to dustour hearts filled with leadour heads never to rise againwhy would they do this to ushow could theyour hopesdreamsshatteredforevertrust in humankind no morethere is no tomorrownot for menot for usthere is no morelifeit is my solemn dutyto tell you that the moviethe moviecorpse bride is not being released untilthe 17th of novemberrip 
(3 comments |comment on this)sunday, october 23rd, 20052:11 pm
seasonal vegetable soup mel's party last night. had seasonal vegetable soup. turned out to be gravy with chunks. nobody eats a bowl of gravy! i didnt really talk to mel much which is strange seeing as it was her party! talked to lana and jess e and jo and kendall instead. so that was fun. haha, bendy forks. i saw pride and prejudice this morning with mum. "i love you, most ardently" wasnt as good as the tv movie but it was still good. oh kendall, i found hope for you!! i realised that everyone loves keira knightly and shes completely flat. flatter than a pancake which hasnt been cooked, almost as flat as a sheet of paper! so all tis good coz youve got more than she has and you can make the world love you! yay! halloween next week! pumpkins!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! current mood:  cheerful
(3 comments |comment on this)tuesday, october 18th, 20054:57 pm
live aid: the day the music changed the world live aid: 16 hours of non-stop music from the 80's. they only played 1 hour of it on monday but 1 day i plan to watch all of it in 1 go. yay. music all night and into the next day! dad says i wont make it, but i'll show him...16 hours of brian ferry, queen, boomtown rats, sting, paul mccarteny, david bowie, u2...excellent. now all i have to do is find people to watch it with. but even if i cant find anyone it'll be great anyway.haha i think im strange current mood:  bouncy
(5 comments |comment on this)thursday, october 13th, 20055:00 pm
and the lesson today is how to die i listened to 'i don't like mondays' by the boomtown rats last night.it's the first time i've heard it since i found out what they were singing about.i listened to the all the words and found myself crying by the end of it.i didnt mean to, i never cry in songs, the words arnt even as sad as in other songs ive heard but for some reason it just touched me.'and he can see no reasonscos there are no reasonswhat reason do you need to die'i wish i wernt so shy.i'm not around everyone,just people i shouldnt be shy around.it makes no senseexcept you guysi can talk to you. current mood:  sad
(4 comments |comment on this)wednesday, october 12th, 20054:36 pm
 your circuits dead theres something wrongi've tried your cakes and your flowers and i think i like the taste of the flowers bestthis is the stickiest situation since sticky the stick insect got stuck on a sticky buni wish you were all ok 
(comment on this)wednesday, october 5th, 20056:13 pm
 im back from canberrait was great to see everyone againi only realise how much i miss them when i see them againi hope everyone is having a wonderful holiday current mood:  sad
(comment on this)monday, september 26th, 20056:20 pm
  i went into town and saw charlie and the chocolate factory yesterday with susie. haha. i love johnny depp.i bought a badge saying 'this is a badge'had my job trial on saturday, it was really fun. when someone borrows a video you have to ask if they want a bagand the girls i was working with sais that i should play with customers minds, and when they say yes to the bags,say 'think of the whales' and stare at them.i have decided that next term i shall be different,i won't be shy and i will make people actually want to talk to me.myes, but then i say that every term and nothing ever changes.ah welli will find out tonight whether i get the jobhope eveyone's having a good holiday!] current mood:  pessimistic
(1 comment |comment on this)friday, september 23rd, 200510:03 am
 i am in german with jess she is telling me about the crow. it sounds very evil!! i love halloween!! last day of school! i have a trial at civic video tomaorrow and if i get the job then i will have a badge saying claire! how sexy!! haha. have a goodholiday everyone. current mood:  awake
(35 comments |comment on this)wednesday, september 21st, 20054:21 pm
 shaynah,i wish i could think of things to say to get across how much of a great friend u r and i love u, but i cant so i'll send u this instead,this is for u,ich denke dein,    wenn mir der sonne schimmer  vom meere strahlt; ich denke dein,    wenn sich des mondes flimmer iin quellen malt.     ich sehe dich,    wenn auf dem fernen wege der staub sich hebt,  in tiefer nacht,    wenn auf dem schmalen stege der wandrer bebt.  ich höre dich,    wenn dort mit dumpfem rauschen die welle steigt. im stillen haine geh' ich oft zu lauschen, wenn alles schweigt. ich bin bei dir,    du seist auch noch so ferne, du bist mir nah! die sonne sinkt,    bald leuchten mir die sterne. o wärst du da! its a german love poem written 100's of years ago. it does have a translation but i wont write it because it is more beautiful like this. just like you. for jess and laura,congratulations u r both wonderful and i will bring my vampire fleet to ur wedding.for kendall,goodluck with reed, hes really nice and u will be great together. current mood:  pensive
(3 comments |comment on this)monday, september 12th, 20055:22 pm
damn tights hm..dance on wednesdaydont know whether i'll goi was thinking as going as bowiebut i have no tights :(ive never been to a school danceare they good?pe today, learnt about boundaries in relationshipshaha. yeah me in a relationship. cant see that one happening for a while."hold me""i can't"best movie current mood:  drained
(2 comments |comment on this)sunday, september 11th, 20053:14 pm
god im full well my grandads going to get better so thats very goodmad up with susie!got my history done took me forever thoughthat back to eleebana day was funi saw my friend sabine who was in kindergartenlast time we metspent the day with hershe cried when i lefthow sweetdrama was funhad to be a moose2 weeks of schoolcant believe how fast the years gonefeels like ive done nothing for 8 monthsbeen reading a 1920's book,lots of 'chaps' and 'what-ho!'its funnywent out for lunchlady got coke spilled all down her frontshe deserved itgrandads birthdayseptember 11thgod i hate george bushpe theory tomorrowmr manhahaweekend was goodnice to get away from things for a whilemay the force be with all of you current mood:  full
(comment on this)friday, september 9th, 20058:24 am
stupid life i hate life at the moment.susies mad at me. my friends are fighting. my grandad's sick. oh well, at least 2day might be funback to eleebanahahahave fun at school current mood:  gloomy
(2 comments |comment on this)thursday, september 8th, 20054:10 pm
oranges well ive never used this before so i dont know how it will look. laura made it for me yesterday when i skipped sport. haha! to all those people who had to do walking with mr foley and miss engel. i swear she's insane! when i was in year 7 she laughed at me because i was sick! bitch. so yeah i didnt have to spend 1 n a half hours walking pointlessly. there was this year 7 guy sitting next to us when we were doing this and he had the coolest pair of science glasses. ill have to but some now, maybe ill steal lauras...! i have so much work to do this weekend, stupid bitch martinez givin us that english tale thing. i cant ryhme! what's she thinking. shes another teacher i hate. god, id just like to put her on the end of a spear! and then i have elective history and normal history assignments. argh!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 2moro im going to a "back to eleebana primary" day. haha, its gonna be hilarious1 i get to spend the day telling little children what it was like 'back in my day' make me feel really old why dont u. thanks 4 letting me sit on u yesterday kendall, next time i need a cushion i'll know who to ask! ;-) laura and shaynah are fighting which i think is a shame because they're like 2 of my best friends at school. u guys should make up 2moro! have fun with mr noud without me guys! haha. c u on monday.ps. watch blackadder. its heaps funny! 
(4 comments |comment on this)






about livejournal.com































