







redwood glen camp



























































































cart
















0
















              home
            

              facilities
            

              give
            

              join the work
            

            summer camps
          

            contact
          




































































cart
















0











homefacilitiesgivejoin the worksummer campscontact


















scroll






 

 connect with god  |  connect with nature  |  connect with others

 







 















          apply for summer jobs at camp!
        

          we are hiring for summer camp jobs now !!     
        











apply for summer jobs at camp!
we are hiring for summer camp jobs now !!     










        apply for summer jobs at camp! we are hiring for summer camp jobs now !!      
      












 

church groups | school groups | corporate groups | clubs | organizations

 




  

redwood glen is ready to help you book your next group retreat. contact us today to check availability and reserve your place at redwood glen.













god continues to do great things and you can be part of it! see the “join the work” page for volunteer opportunities. consider being on the redwood glen prayer team.and your church, organization or school would have a great experience “at camp.” check out the facilities page for the resources you would need for an excellent event.

 


    make a gift today
  



“first, i have had a front row seat observing god at work. redwood glen has survived a series of challenges akin to the plagues in egypt…but in each instance, god intervened. people prayed. volunteered. served and gave.”“second, it’s been amazing to watch the board grow more effective in both its leadership and management roles…they have supported the staff by investing in their growth, retaining the most committed…filling long empty staff positions with very strong candidates.” “here’s where you can make a difference…the camp is entering its slow season in december, ending around may 2025…two ways you can make a difference. you can make a year-end gift. or you could make monthly gifts for the next six months. “

   




 

 refresh your spirit    |    renew relationships    |    restore peace

 















 

 you’ll find peace at redwood glen

 







 








explore 165 acres bordered by pescadero creek





connect with naturenestled in the scenic coastal redwoods of the santa cruz mountains between san francisco and santa cruz, redwood glen is the perfect place to find quiet space and enjoy the beauty of god’s creation.

  

connect with otherscreate memories at your group's next retreat, conference, summer camp, or training event. you’ll enjoy delicious food and helpful staff, whether you choose to stay in a cabin, the conference center or camp on your own.

 


    learn more
  





















 











start making memories today!call or click the button below to check availability for your dates.talk with our helpful staff to help you choose your best options.enjoy the peace of an experience designed around you.




    inquire
  



or call 650-879-0320











 






connect



experience



guest groups



feature



refresh renew restore



new page



bright shiny future



find peac








 

stay up to date with the latest news and information about redwood glen by signing up for the redwood glen email newsletter.




    newsletter
  



redwood glen, 100 wright dr, loma mar ca 94021  |  phone:(650) 879-0320  |  email:info@redwoodglen.com

 


































