



baby names, middle names, name generator








 

































baby name genie - granting wishes for the 'perfect' first & middle baby names

















visit forums
|
join us




popular baby names
middle names advice
genie's mailbag
free stuff & deals
become a fan




login












i am the baby name genie,
a baby namer specializing in
first and middle baby names.


i'll grant your wish for the
perfect name for your
baby boy or baby girl.







baby's last name:



baby's gender:

surprise me
boy
girl











 







baby middle names advice
#1) say your baby middle name ideas with the first and last name together. the ideal middle name should flow and not wrap your tongue up in knots.
#2) a middle name that begins with a different letter or sound than the first name ends with normally makes for a smoother name combination. 
#3) vary the number of syllables in each name. a long middle name can nicely compliment a short first and last name. a short middle name can smooth out a long first and last name combination. whatever you do, don't string three long names together (unless you want your child to have difficulty filling out forms their whole life!)
more baby middle names tips »






 


genie's mailbag

alexis cooper in missouri
i'm testing your ability! i want to incorporate both of my grandmas' names in my girl name. dorothy vivian and nancy helen. last name could be cooper or vinson so i need a name that goes with both. no common names but not too crazy of names either! let's see what you've got! thanks in advance! :)
baby name genie:
fortunately i've been studying in my lamp all night.  a change on dorothy's middle name and a restoration of nancy's first gives you the gracious and lively vivica anne.  do i pass the test?
alice in wa
hi! i have two girls and one boy: spencer, sloane and sawyer. we are expecting our fourth - a boy! we want his first name to start with "s" like his siblings. his middle names will be memphis faulkner. can you help?
baby name genie:
ah, smart mom.  this way, when you yell at them, you can start the "s" and hold it while you try to remember the rest of their name.   very clever!  when the youngest gets in trouble, just remember his name is stewart.
breona in phoenix
here is a challenge for you: my husband and i are both latin. my first son's name is elias alexander leyva. i want to name my second son ariel jesus, but my husband disagrees. he thinks ariel is a girl's name. i want a name with the initials a.e. can you come up with a nice biblical name?
baby name genie:
you can thank walt disney and his mermaid for ruining the boy's name ariel for you.  instead, try aaron ezra for a name perfectly suited for a young man.

see more letters | write the genie
 









popular baby names


top boy  baby names

oliver
emerson
blake
alexander
james



top girl  baby names

olivia
charlotte
lily
emily
emma




more top baby names...
 







babynamegenie.com
first and middle baby name generator.  copyright 2005 - 2025 zimris, llc.

naming a baby should be a fun experience

            we hope this website has brought extra humor and fun to the process of coming up with baby names and that you have not taken the genie too seriously. :)
        

            thanks for visiting. come back soon and don't forget to pass on the baby naming fun!
        

contact | find us on facebook | privacy policy







more baby names & pregnancy stuff

baby name fun in your inbox
baby and pregnancy links
option line's 24hr pregnancy hotline


 
















