




  






medford chamber of commerce - medford chamber of commerce  , ma

























 




























 
 



























 toggle navigation    





home
join today

events






events list


events calendar







directory

about






about us


board of directors


membership benefits


doing business in medford


chamber advocacy documents


contact us








members






membership contact list


member login


member directory


available sponsorship items





























join today









find a member









view events



















pages



members



categories



quicklinks



events







































































































welcome to the medford chamber of commerce
 






the medford chamber of commerce is an organization that provides a unified voice for the business community, addressing issues that are of interest to the business people in the area. it facilitates access to government officials and committees and works to advocate for policies that assist and expand the local business community. the chamber plays a key role in identifying, analyzing and recommending solutions to today's issues while also preparing businesses for the challenges of tomorrow. we learn in community with our fellow businesses and work together to ensure medford is a great place to live and work.
































 
 
submit a nomination for citizen of the year here. 
sign up for our newsletter here. 
join us on instagram here. 
 












 

medford chamber of commerce scholarship
 
unlock boundless opportunities for the future with the medford chamber of commerce's scholarship! we are proud to extend an offer of a $1,000 scholarships to graduating high school seniors residing in medford. click here to email laura o'neill for a copy of the application. application due march 27th at 12pm. 






news and updates














a message from the president of medford chamber of commerce
 
medford is a great place to start a business, raise a family, or visit. if you currently live or work here or are interested in doing so, we would love to hear from you. the medford chamber of commerce is a historic organization that fosters and supports the business community of medford. as president, my goal is to work toward continuing to nurture connections between businesses as well as connect businesses with the community we serve. whether you need help with an issue at city hall or are interested learning more about how to immerse yourself in our great community, we are here to help. please contact us at 781-396-1277 or loneill@medfordchamberma.com.
andrew mather
president, medford chamber of commerce
 










































upcoming events



 















new & renewing members



 





















































































































                                                    neeham bank
                                                





















































 



























join today
start benefiting from your chamber membership today. sign up today and get your business more exposure. connect and grow your business with the chamber.
join today












helpful links













member directory









events










































 medford chamber of commerce  

  1 shipyard way ste 302, medford, ma 02155

  781. 396.1277

  loneill@medfordchamberma.com






© copyright 2025 medford chamber of commerce  . all rights reserved. site provided by growthzone - powered by chambermaster software.















 


