
















cortona online - first website for cortona and area


























cortona online - the first and most complete 
       website for cortona and area









oustanding rental apartment in cortona | cortona webcam (live)
	  | villa laura of "under the tuscan sun" remodel









cortona - the 
       ancient city



cortona di 
       toscana 

 

































 

 

 

 



getting there
centrally 
       located, cortona (pop. 30,000+) is about midway between rome & 
       florence.  going to cortona by car is easy - it's convenient to 
       both the a1 (autostrada del sole) and ss326 (siena-perugia 
       superstrada) - detailed directions from a1 below.  if you prefer 
       taking the train, the camucia (diretto/regionale trains) & 
       terontola (es & ic fast trains) stations are just a few minutes 
       away.  the central location and excellent transportation 
       connections make cortona a superb base for touring the rest of 
       tuscany and umbria.

background
cortona is 
       one of italy's oldest cities (said by virgil to be the mother of troy 
       and the grandmother of rome... e.g. "dardano, son of jove and 
       elettra, left corito, city of etruria, before he came to troy" 
       [virgil's aenid 3, 104]) and there are many stories regarding  
       its founding.  what is known is that cortona was  a 
       fortified city occupied by the umbrians and became an etruscan walled 
       city sometime between 800 and 600 b.c.  you can see the history 
       of the city reflected in the walls at spots such as the porta
        montanina and to the left of 
       porta guelfa - at the base are large etruscan slabs with repairs 
       from the roman era in the middle and smaller stones at the top dating 
       to the middle ages.



for those 
       with hiking or biking interests, there are numerous routes outside 
       the city walls (especially near le celle [#563], torreone [#561], mt. 
       s. egidio [#50] & bramasole) which have been laid out by the club 
       alpino italiano; these are denoted by red & white stripes along 
       the trail with trail numbers also appearing periodically (see example 
       at right). a map of these trails titled "sentiero 50: dal 
       trasimeno alla verna" is available at bookstores & many tabacchi.

in recent 
       years, cortona has become well known to english speakers through the 
       best-selling book (on the ny times list of nonfiction) by frances 
       mayes, under
        the tuscan sun. 
        "bella tuscany" followed in april '99; "in 
       tuscany" arrived october 2000, the next in the sieries  
       "bringing tuscan home" arrived oct. 2004 and the most recent 
	"the tuscan sun cookbook" arrived march 2012	


cortona holds 
       third place among italian cities (after venice & positano) for 
       weddings of foreigners. cortona has recently improved the process for 
       non-citizens to hold civil weddings. there is a fee of 500 € for 
       use of the town hall by non-residents for their ceremony.

address 
       & phone codes
cortona
  
        postal code:   52044 (ar)
  
        phone prefix: +39 (0575)
   
postage 
                     to uk/cont.  
          to us
postcard/letter 
              0.60 €       
           0.85 €




cortona 
       -  beautiful city which graces the slope of monte di
s. egidio. 

nestled 
       amid olive groves & vineyards, it offers stunning views across 
       the val di chiana

 

news:
        new public swimming pool opened in the park.

 

 



trail marker 
       (club alpino italia














how to get there

by car: from the a1 (either north- or southbound) take the 
       valdichiana exit. after you pay your toll, go through the roundabout 
       (the correct exit from the roundabout should be opposite where you 
       enter from the toolbooth) and follow directions toward perugia which 
       will place you on the siena-perugia superstrada (direction perugia). 
       continue on the perugia superstrada for 12.3 km to the 
       cortona/camucia exit (don't take the earlier exit unless you want to 
       stop by farneta). in just under 3 km you'll see cortona on the hill. 
       follow the signs to cortona; about 7 km further you'll be at the city 
       walls. for a road map of the area, click at right map 
       and enter cortona in the "city" box of the "maps
        in europe" section.

by air: florence's 
       amerigo vespucci [flr], perugia
        [peg], and pisa's 
       galileo galilei [psa] 
       are the closest airports; rome's
        fiumicino [fco], milan's 
       malpensa [mxp], and bologna
        [blq] 
       airports are also convenient - e.g. there are fast shuttle trains 
       from fiumicino aeroporto directly to both roma termini (8.80 €) 
       and roma tiburtina (5.00 €) [note: for many destinations, 
       transferring at roma tiburtina (the eighth station from the airport) 
       is faster and more convenient than roma termini]; the train 
       ride to cortona's camucia or terontola stations takes ca. 1-1/2 hours (click
        here for the link to train timetables); you can purchase tickets 
       to your final destination at the train station in the airport. in 
       milan, take the direct shuttle bus from the malpensa airport to the 
       milano centrale train station if you are transferring to a train; if 
       you are going to stay in downtown milano instead of taking a train 
       immediately to another city there's an express shuttle which goes to 
       several of the metro (subway) stations. in florence, take the direct 
       shuttle bus from the airport to the santa maria novella (firenze 
       s.m.n.) train station.

by train: on both the main north-south line between firenze 
       and roma [see notes above for shuttle info. from airports] as well as 
       the east-west line between perugia and siena. the ic (intercity) 
       train ride to cortona's terontola station takes ca. 1-1/2 hours from 
       roma; slightly longer for the diretto or regionale from firenze to 
       the camucia station (click here for the 
       link to train timetables). take the s/4 lfi bus from the station 
       to cortona (be sure to buy tickets at the tabacchi or edicola 
       [newstand] before boarding the bus). [note: if 3 or more are 
       travelling together, you can ask for "mini-gruppo" rates 
       which are 20-30% lower; however tickets are not refundable if you 
       don't take the trip.]

note: in most places, stamps and bus tickets can be purchased 
       at the tabacchi or edicola. in cortona, you can also purchase train 
       and bus tickets at the tourist office (a.p.t.) on via nazionale. ask 
       for "quattro corse" - a ticket which can be stamped four 
       times (once at each corner) and is discounted compared with 
       purchasing individual tickets. quattro corse are ca. € 3.45 for 
       cortona - camucia/terontola and ca. € 8.70 for cortona-arezzo. 
       also, when travelling by either train or bus, be certain your ticket 
       is stamped (timbrato) in the machine on either the train platform 
       before boarding or on the bus - there are hefty fines for travelling 
       either without a ticket or with an invalid ticket (& your ticket 
       isn't "valid" until it has been stamped). in larger cities 
       - e.g. firenze, roma, & venezia, you can obtain one- or 
       multiple-day passes which are valid for all of the public 
       transportation and are great bargains. maps of the lines are 
       available either free from the tourist office or (much better) from 
       the edicola (newsstand) at the train station for a nominal fee.

auto rental: the closest major rental car companies are in 
       arezzo; avis is across from the train station - piazza della 
       repubblica 1/a. hertz & europcar are located in suburbs; 
       europcar's address is via fiorentino, 101 (reachable via the 4/4a, 6/6a, or 
       13 lines from the p.za guido monaco). 
        
        there are also rental companies in chiusi.

taxi warning - you will be approached in most major train 
       stations and airports by freelance drivers who are not licensed - avoid
        them since they may not only rip you off with outrageous fares 
       but can also be dangerous. a licensed taxi driver usually has a taxi 
       sign on the vehicle (which is most typically white or gray)
        and must display their credentials inside the vehicle - if you have 
       any doubts, ask them to show your their credentials (patente) before 
       entering their vehicle. a licensed taxi driver will also not approach 
       you inside a terminal or train station - they will be waiting at the 
       authorized taxi stand outside the terminal or train station. and when 
       you're taking the taxi to/from your hotel and the airport or train 
       station, have the hotel arrange it for you if possible and ask them 
       to write down the fare in advance to avoid a misunderstanding.

euro conversion note: as of march 1, 2002 forward only the 
       euro is legal tender. (1 € = 1,936.27 lit)

tips for 
       staying connected (e.g. phone, internet) while in italy - click here.





weather






- records/averages (temperature & precipitation) by month:


florence
            / firenze


rome / roma




 






- current conditions & short-term weather forecast:


florence
            / firenze


rome / roma

 









overview of cortona












search tuscantreasures.net




























cortona
            di toscana | cortona information | visual
            tour | sightseeing highlights | dining
            & shopping | cortona events | where
            to stay | cortona rentals | cortona-related
            links |
cortona
            map | contact cortona online














cortona
s. margherita
& medici fortress
(fort open april-sept. 10:00-18:00
[closed mon], admission 3 €)




            uscan
            treasures








        











contact
            tuscan treasures






 































