






blue ridge independent living center | assisting people with disabilities to live independently.




































540-342-1231
or va relay 711

donate










home
services

advocacy
independent living skills training
peer mentoring
transition services
information & referral
equipment available
other services


about us

history & mission
success stories
staff
board of directors


community

centers for independent living in virginia
resources


how you can help

volunteer
donate


news & events
contact












 















our mission

the blue ridge independent living center assists people with disabilities to live independently.
the center also serves the community at large by helping to create an environment that is accessible to all.
the center, established in july 1989, is a private, non-profit community agency with non-residential programs. support for service is received from state and federal sources and donations from regional businesses and individuals. the center is governed by a board of directors with a majority of members having disabilities.
the center serves residents of the fifth planning district of virginia which includes the counties of alleghany, botetourt, craig and roanoke and the cities of covington, roanoke and salem.

need equipment? we’ve got it!
click to learn more.





core services

advocacy
assistance in gaining equal access to services that individuals with disabilities are entitled to receive. click to learn more.

independent living skill training
assistance in obtaining the skills needed to live independently, such as financial management, acquired social skills, household management, etc. click to learn more.

peer mentoring
counseling for persons with disabilities by persons with disabilities. click to learn more.

transition services
facilitate transition of youth to post-secondary life, from nursing homes and other institutions to the community, and prevent institutionalization. click to learn more.

information & referral
information about assistive equipment, recreation, accessibility, legislation, and other disability-related issues. referrals are also made to local service providers to assist individuals to locate resources needed to become or remain independent and in the community. click to learn more.



 









blue ridge independent living center
1502 b williamson rd ne
roanoke, va 24012
540-342-1231 (v/tty) phone
866-244-0740 toll free
or va relay 711

followfollow




donations are the lifeblood of brilc!
click to learn how you can help.





board members only



 




 











