





herter music center | music stores bay city mi




























































 

 













where musical fun begins

















toggle navigation 





herter music center


home
instruments 

featured products videos
pianos / keyboards
drums / guitars
band instruments
used instruments
band instrument rental


sheet music
music lessons
band camp
repairs
contact us
calendar







 (989) 893-4545























pianosherter music center is a yamaha piano and clavinova dealer. we are your family friendly piano store!learn moreband instrumentsherter music center offers a wide variety of band instruments from the top brands.learn morecontact uscontact us 

 previous


 next















music stores bay city mi 















herter music center offers musical instrument rentals, providing testing and fitting to match your student with the correct instrument!to rent a band instrument:fill out the application completely and submit.one of our sales representatives will call you to confirm your rental and arrange delivery. 






rent online























student rentals: 36-month rent-to-own contractherter music center makes it easy for you to rent an instrument for your son or daughternew and return rental instruments on a 36 month rent-to-own contractall rentals include repair, maintenance and replacement protection.no interest or finance charge on our rent-to-own contracts.unlike some other contracts, you always know the total cost of the instrument you are renting.auto-payment billing system. our school service representatives stop once a week at your child’s school.percussion kits are on a 24-month rent-to-own contracts. 







 















herter music center has been open since 1903, offering musical customers: 







accessoriesdrum setsgrand pianosnew and used instrumentsrental instruments for local school band programsthe largest selection of sheet music in the areaguitars and other fretted instrumentsorchestral string instrumentsyamaha clavinovas, acoustic pianos, portable keyboards and digital pianosportable pa systemsnew and used band instruments 







 



















 







lessons 



quality music instruction for all ages, designed for you to have fun and enjoy playing, whether you’re in your own home or aspire to play at carnegie hall. 











instrument repair 



we employ skilled repair technicians to repair all makes of brass, woodwind, string, and percussion. 



 























pianos & keyboards 




 








drums & guitars 




 








string instruments 




 








band instruments 




 












 











pianos & keyboards 












herter music is a yamaha piano and yamaha clavinova dealer. we are your family friendly piano store! looking at redecorating a room in your home? why not redecorate around a grand piano and turn that room into a conservatory! if you don’t see the model you’re interested in, we can order it for you! we stock most clp & cvp models. contact us today. 






learn more











sheet music 












visit our sheet music store to browse hundreds of song books and individual music sheets! we have every musical genre and hundreds of titles. if you don’t see what you’re looking for… just ask us! we can special order any item that is in print and most special orders arrive within two weeks. you can also download and print sheet music right here in our store. 






learn more











music lessons 












at herter music center, you will get the highest quality musical instruction possible, and we encourage you to contact us with any questions or ideas you may have that would enhance your musical experience here.our program is designed for you to have fun and enjoy playing, whether you’re in your own room or you aspire to play at carnegie hall. 






learn more


















a great local place to buy music supplies. i wasn’t exactly sure what i needed, but the employees are very knowledgeable and helped me find the right piece for my child’s trumpet. they asked the right questions to narrow down my options, which i appreciate. great service… thanks!
diane c



great place for instrument rental/purchase/repair. variety of instrument supplies and they will order it if not in stock. nice selection…
paul e.



great workshop today! the surprise performance by kevin cole was so nice. thank you!
laura piwowarski



knowledgeable staff. great selection of music and instruments. they also have parts and do repairs and teach music as well.
sean b



just visited herter music center for the first time and i’m incredibly impressed! awesome customer service and sheet music selection, we will be back!
sharon leigh



bought a ukelele! amazing service and great service!
rachel s.



so, i purchased their book about profesional piano teaching by jeanine m jacobson; …not because i teach – – but that i’ve always wondered what goes on in the mind of the teacher of music/piano instructors 🙂 thank you herter music center for always keeping the incentive alive in my mind – – music is forever – – thank you
orlando al gonzalez



i received a herter gift certificate for my birthday and decided to have matt re-string my big baby taylor. he also made some adjustments and now it sounds better than ever and the action has improved as well! and i found some awesome sheet music (including this is me from the greatest showman) for my digital piano. i’ll definitely be back!
kris p.



got my daughter’s bassoon here she just loves it
mike m.



best place in town for all your music needs. such a friendly and welcoming staff! great place to get lessons…
jeff i.











 







 

















 













primary communities served 







auburnbay citybridgeportbuena vista 







carrolltonchesaningcolemanedenville 







essexvillefrankenmuthfreelandhemlock 







kawkawlinlinwoodmerrillmidland 







millingtonsaginawshieldsst. charles 







tuscolauniversity centervassarzilwaukee 







and all other michigan communities 
















 click here for for all bay cities events

 

contact us


 m,t, w, f 9:30-5:30  thursday 9:30-7:00  saturday 10-4:00 sunday closed


 901 n. washington avebay city, mi 48708


 (989) 893-4545




 sales@hertermc.com




follow 






site map
youtube
 

copyright © 2025 weblocal, inc.




































