




coastal, texas - duck hunting | lodge













































































888-618-4868

email us









castaway lodge gear











castaway lodge gear


















home


texas lodge


hunting


fishing


about us


contact us











home


texas lodge


hunting


fishing


about us


contact us





















gunning the texas coast since 1993!


































check pricing


we have packages and options for any size group or budget.


















booking info


request booking information and get the ball rolling!


















latest news


get the latest fishing and hunting reports from seadrift


















latest photos


check out our latest photos!












                        set up your cast & blast, check season dates here!
                    

pricing
reservations











texas duck hunting, airboat trips
welcome to the home of the best texas duck and goose hunting guides on the texas coast. we rely heavily on airboats, duck boats, and shallow running bayboats to access remote areas where the duck hunting is best. texas duck hunting is unique and coastal waterfowl has become the destination for the discriminating duck and goose hunting enthusiast seeking world class "old school" waterfowl hunting. if texas geese are what you are after, we’ve got thousands of acres on the coastal prairies wintering snow, blue, ross, specklebelly, and canadian geese. castaway lodge is "the home" of coastal waterfowl. when it's over here in the us, follow us for some hot mexico duck hunting!
"old school" means "in keeping with the best traditions of waterfowl hunting and texas duck hunting". it means our philosophy centers around a personalized experience; low density blinds and un-cramped conditions; working birds with the calling and artistry of our professional guides; close-in shooting; professional retriever work; and, ethical, law abiding hunting. the term embodies the "heart of a waterfowler" and the drive to do the work it takes to get it right!
































































trout & redfish
team coastal and the crew at castaway lodge offer a full range of fishing guide services. we welcome anglers of any skill level to seadrift fishing here on the middle coast. located in the seadrift and port o'connor, area, redfish and a big fight go hand in hand along with the best trout fishing.











                        get started on your trip today!
                    

check availability
check pricing


















what our guests are saying. . . .











                                    i can't thank you enough for all you do and the past two spring breaks have been a blast! we can't wait to get back out on the water again. thank you for making our mother/son fishing trip so special.you're the best!
                                







katy, texas
november, 2009












                                    thanks for an awesome weekend! my dad, brother, and i really enjoyed ourselves. dinner was superb on fri night (cookies were delicious), the accommodations were clean and super-comfy, and of course the fishing on saturday was excellent.
                                







houston, texas
november, 2012












                                    the hospitality was phenomenal! this was my first time visiting, but it felt like home. kris and wendy welcomed us from the get go. they went above and beyond to make sure we had a great stay. the meals were amazing!!!! 
                                







cedar park, texas
october, 2013














castaway lodge
"on the bayou"
welcome to castaway lodge, your home away from home. centrally located in the "heart of seadrift", texas, the lodge offers affordable convenience and the best the mid-coast has to offer set in a "coastal casual" atmosphere.  from the comfort of our accommodations to wendi's roadhouse cuisine to the command of the outdoors by our guides, we offer affordable convenience and a great experience for family groups, special occasions, team building, customer appreciation, corporate outings and conferences.  the original footprint was built on a half acre in 2007.  thanks to the tremendous support of our guests, in the fall of 2015, we added over 11,000 square feet of accommodations, indoor dining/conference and operations facilities.  we've acquired 3 additional acres and 700' of bayou-front leg stretching room, greenbelts, and parking.  come experience coastal hospitality  and the new castaway lodge on the bayou!






































family friendly


family groups and friends find the comfort and hospitality of home along with a warm welcome and relationships that last a lifetime. friendly, personable, helpful, and professional guides are a "trademark of trust" with our guests.
















corporate specialists


team castaway lodge offers the perfect backdrop for your next corporate trip. logistics and group planning are our specialty along with talented and personable guides whose job one is to "service" your clients and staff members. when it comes to entertaining clients and "sealing the deal", our clients wouldn't trust the occasion to just anyone. castaway is the place for building group cohesion; getting the business; and, keeping the business!
















professional guides


the best angling adventures start with the best seadrift guides. our guides are conservation minded professionals that we've hand picked and have been working with us for years. our guides reflect a patient safety conscious professionalism backed by the experience of thousands of days on the water "making memories of a lifetime". relationships are an essential part of any business, don't hesitate to request your favorite guide.


















castaway lodgecentrally located in seadrift, texas, castaway lodge encompasses two adjacent campuses covering 3.5 acres with 700' of bayou frontage and 15,000 sf of comfort, convenience, and privacy in the heart of seadrift!


quick linksthe lodgehuntingfishingpricinghunting & fishing reportscontact us


contact uscastaway lodge888-618-4868109 w. austinseadrift, tx 77983



















                        © copyright 2025, castaway lodge, inc., all rights reserved.
                    













privacy policy
terms of service
















