






















west valley light opera

























tickets

subscriptions
individual tickets

discounts



current season

➤nov '24legally blonde
➤mar '25pippin
➤jun '25the drowsy chaperone



auditions


pippin
audition email subscription



history

past shows
awards

scholarships
erma
jean hutchins
captain's cape
tech award
orchestra award




support wvlo


info

about wvlo

rentals
rehearsal hall calendar
get notified









(current)


purchase show tickets here
donate












drowsy chaperone audition sign-ups now open thru noon feb 26th
	(8 days remaining)
	

wvlo is excited to announce auditions for our summer show, the drowsy chaperone! 
    more information about the show and the character breakdown can be found on  casting crane.

performances run june 28-july 26
auditions on feb 23 and 26
callbacks will be by invitation on mar 1
to sign up, please fill out an application on  casting crane, 
    and sign up for an audition slot on signup genius.
    
you must do both steps to be confirmed for the audition!
if you cannot make it to any of the audition times, please reach out to nancyk5678@yahoo.com to arrange video submission.
wvlo is a non-equity community theater company performing at the saratoga civic theater in saratoga, ca. 
    all cast positions are volunteer and are not paid. bipoc, indigenous, neurodiverse, and physically diverse artists are encouraged to audition. 
    we welcome and encourage actors of every race, ethnicity, gender, identity, age, body type, and orientation to audition with wvlo. 
    you must be at least 18 years of age to audition.






 











wvlo's production of  
						pippin
opens march 15th (in 25 days)						
												
					



							details and ticket information














wvlo's 59th season!






pippin
			march 15, 2025 through april 5, 2025
			
			
            music & lyrics by stephen schwartz
            book by roger o. hirson
            

            the stephen schwartz coming-of-age musical that helped put bob fosse on the map.
            heir to the frankish throne, the young prince pippin is in search of the secret to true 
            happiness and fulfillment. he seeks it in the glories of the battlefield and the intrigues 
            of political power (after disposing of his father king charlemagne the great). in the end 
            though, pippin finds that happiness lies not in extraordinary endeavors, but rather in the 
            unextraordinary moments that happen every day. the score includes magic to do, corner of 
            the sky, not time at all, spread a little sunshine and morning glow.
            





the drowsy chaperone
			june 28, 2025 through july 26, 2025

			
            music & lyrics by lisa lambert and greg morrison
            book by bob martin and don mckellar
            

            this musical is a modern, original musical within a comedy which, pays tribute to the jazz-age shows of the 
            1920’s. based on the tale of a pampered broadway starlet who wants to give up show business to get married, 
            her producer sets out to sabotage the nuptials, her chaperone, the debonair groom, the dizzy chorine, the latin 
            lover and a couple of gangsters.  songs in the score include “fancy dress”, “as we stumble along”, “message 
            from a nightingale”, “love is always love” and “i do i do in the sky”.
            



click here to purchase individual tickets


















by decree, this be the cast of spamalot— opening in june













				wvlo's production of 
				"catch me if you can"

		in progress
		-   click here to go to the audition page.
		






				wvlo's production of "in the heights"—
				
final weekend nearly sold out!
				
don't miss this "theater bay area award recommended production"
"...of the 3 productions of in the heights i've seen, this was the best" - a patron
performances are selling out— don't miss your chance to see this show.
"... the lyrics were all clear and understandable throughout the performance" - a patron




			< ?php include 'current/2016-11 in the heights/slideshow.php'; ?>
			
			click here for details and ticket information









announcing the cast of bullets over broadwayopening in november 2017













final show for dames at seaget your tickets!
		< php include 'damesslideshow.php'; ?>
		




announcing wvlo's 2016 "erma" awards
		< ?php include 'erma 2016 slideshow.php'; ?>
		
best actortyler savin
best actresscalliope taylor maiwald
best character actorvaugh mayer
best charater actresszoey lytle
best supporting actorrichard portune
best supporting actresssandra henschke
best shownice work if you can get it








wvlo's 52nd seasonnovember 2016 through july 2017
				tickets on sale now!
details at the bottom of this page.











in the heights
nov/dec 2016
				music & lyrics by lin-manuel miranda
				book by quiara alegria hudes
				
cast director's note









your health & safety are our priority
	wvlo musical theatre company hopes that our patrons will join with us for our new 2022-2023 season of broadway musicals in providing the safest space possible for our audiences, cast, crew and staff to enjoy our lovely saratoga civic theater facilities.
we no longer require proof of vaccination in order to enter the saratoga civic theater and face masks are optional.
if you need to exchange or request a refund of your tickets for any reason, please contact our box office at 408-268-3777.
all performance and safety requirements are subject to change based on local health and safety restrictions. this notice will be updated as conditions change.









west valley light operamusical theatre



saratoga civic theater
							13777 fruitvale ave.
							saratoga, ca
							   
							(map)


rehearsal hall and set shop
							500 e. mcglincey ave
							campbell, ca
							   
							(map)


mailing address
p.o. box 779
							los gatos, ca 95031
						









if you have any problems with this site please contact the webmaster






