


chelsea community fair - home









































chelsea community fair







								home
							



								fair schedule & fair events
							



								admissions & passes
							



								venue rental & non-fair events
							



								merchant barn space information
							



								about us
							



								fair livestock information
							



								summer kick-off concert information
							






				home
			



				fair schedule & fair events
			



				admissions & passes
			



				venue rental & non-fair events
			



				merchant barn space information
			



				about us
			



				fair livestock information
			



				summer kick-off concert information
			




























we've been hard at work improving our facilities.we want to thank our amazing team for their hard work in upgrading our facilities. your dedication has made a huge difference! thank you to bollinger sanitation, willbee transit mix, co, c. debose & son concrete for assisting us in this. your donations are much appreciated by the fair board!! 



summer kick-off concert - may 30 & 31, 2025click here for more information






a big thanks to c debose & son concrete and willbee transit mix co inc for helping us make our grounds more appealing and accessible with concrete approaches to our horse barn and covered arena. the generous support of these and numerous other local businesses and volunteers are what make our community fair special!


​sports barn rental is your sports team looking for an indoor practice space this winter? we have a barn ready for you to use. there are 2 basketball hoops, a batting cage, and heat. rental rate is: $75/hour book 10 more more hours: $50/hour.to rent this barn please fill out the form here. questions? email chelseafair@gmail.com

main arena event rules & information
event participants: click on the links below for rules, information,and fair contacts in case of questions.all events are free to attend with paid gate admission.  parking is free. 
you can pick up at a fair book at:​mccalla feedsparts peddlerchelsea chamber of commerce​car questchelsea district library


2024 chelsea fair premium book






2024 department information







fair parade information


 


chidlren's parade


 










agricultural exhibits




arts & hobbies exhibits




canning exhibits




floriculture exhibits




needlework exhibits




photography exhibits


 


antique exhibits




baking exhibits




crocheting & knitting exhibits




horse department




quilting & sewing exhibits




demolition derby info


 





how to enter items in the green barn




hobby barn entry form (pdf)


one entry form is required for each department entered (per person).
individual entry tags are available at the fair service center thursdays in august @ 6 - 8pm or at time of entry.










location & directions
chelsea community fairgrounds20501 old us-12 hwychelsea, mi 48118phone: 734-475-1270email: chelseafair@gmail.com mailing:  p o box 248, chelsea, mi 48118at the corner of old us 12 and old manchester road - parking on grounds is free!

view larger map



2024 wrap-up





homemaker of the year award winners
homemaker: lisa lahti​homemaker runner-up:susie simpsonjr. homemaker of the year:josh trinklejr. homemaker runner-up:evelyn potacki
 
congratulations!
to all the other winners at this year’s fair!!!  these hundreds of competitors help make the fair a success.  thank you!!
thank you!
a huge thank you to all of the many, many volunteers that help make the chelsea community fair a great success every year!  we couldn’t do it without you!!
 







* indicates required field
let us know where you are visiting us from *

hillsdale county
ingham county
jackson county
lenawee county
livingston county
monroe county
oakland county
washtenaw county
wayne county
other county in michigan
out of state















submit






the chelsea community fair – 2014 winner for ‘best festival’ in southeastern michigan!







back to the top
















chelsea community fairgrounds20501 old us-12 hwy(old us12 at old manchester road)​p.o. box 248chelsea, mi 48118
 
phone: 734-475-1270 email: chelseafair@gmail.com
 



web hosting by just host













