



 


home - btq financial




















































 



 
212-901-2500










 
 








main menu

 


who we arewho we aremeet the teamwhat we do 






what we do 



 with a full suite of financial services developed to meet the unique and specific needs and budgets of small- to midsize nonprofit organizations, btq is prepared to handle every aspect of your financial operations. 







services 






outsourced financial & accounting services










revenue cycle management










grants & contracts management










insights and successour clients 








contact














financial management services for nonprofit clients 



bringing financial 








b 





alance 









t 





ransformation 









q 





uality 








so you can focus on your mission. 






what we do









 






							2-minute overview video						









20+ years 



serving nonprofits 





86% 



clients with 5+ year tenure 





$1b 



							under fiscal and accounting management						





500k 



annual medical billing claims 








 









who we are 



for over 20 years, btq has been proud to partner with nonprofit organizations to revolutionize the financial management landscape across the sector.working closely with government entities, nonprofit organizations, private and public foundations, and individual donors, btq delivers exceptional financial management services.our expertise and dedication provide clients with a cost-effective solution for achieving superior business management, ensuring their missions are supported with financial excellence. 






about btq financial










 


















 

 




















what we do 



btq manages every aspect of our clients’ financial operations with a comprehensive suite of services tailored to meet the unique and specific needs of nonprofits of all sizes and types.our high-performance, high-quality services are customized to fit the individual needs of each client. our team’s extensive experience and expertise ensure that all processes are handled efficiently and effectively to provide a seamless experience from start to finish. 












 


 




						outsourced financial & accounting services					












 




						revenue cycle management					












 




						grants & contracts management					















our services





















how we do it  



							btq values true partnerships with our clients, providing customized solutions and senior management attention to address their unique needs. our clients benefit from:						






 
a team-oriented approach with skilled finance and accounting talent that integrates seamlessly into their organization and mission.









 
the highest performing technology platforms to increase efficiency and cost-effectiveness.









 
access to best-in-class third-party vendors, ensuring timely, accurate, and comprehensive reporting that allows our nonprofit clients to maintain the same rigor and excellence as much larger enterprises.









 
reporting and analysis that offer each client peace of mind regarding their financial management.









 
timely, clear, and transparent communication to ensure that their management team and board fully understand the current financial position, forecasts, and potential challenges ahead.









meet the team










 

























let's get started 



have questions or want more information on our services? get in touch!  






contact us






























services 






outsourced financial & accounting services




revenue cycle management




interim financial  management




grants & contracts management










resources 






clients




insights and success




contact us











contact 



btq financial115 broadway19th floornew york, ny 10006t: 212-901-2500 







follow us on social media 



 


linkedin
 

















privacy policy   |   copyright btq financial						



























