






















home | village of leetonia














  skip to main content










wreaths across america at oakdale cemetery,
service line inventory,
hydrant flushing,
columbia gas project 2024,
walnut street closing,
water testing,
police/fire/ems contact information update












receive updates


community reinvestment


sign up to receive text alerts



















menu









about us






contact





mayor




administrator




committees




village meetings







community information





community links




community reinvestment area




local businesses




local service suppliers




projects







history





leetonia beehive coke ovens




history of leetonia




historical photographs







information





documents & forms




employment opportunities









departments






departments





building department




income tax




laboratory




oakdale cemetery




parks & recreation




shade tree commission




zoning







emergency





ems




fire




police







utilities





street department




water /sewer




water/sewer billing department










search
        terms















village of
        leetonia, ohio
      
300 east main street
leetonia ohio 44431
(330) 427-6721
contact us








news
   
    and featured section
      


news




hydrant flushing


                        

              reminder the village will begin hydrant flushing the week of may 22nd. we will begin on the north side of town and work our way south. please refer to the attached release for further details.


      
          



                thursday, february 22, 2024 at 9:13 am
              







road closed


                        

              reminder: the village of leetonia will be starting to replace sections of walnut street within the next few weeks. the first section will be from main street toward high street, approximately 300 feet, per section, to reduce the inconveniences on everyone. this will be an ongoing project as funds become available. the village will try pre-post the area with signs giving the projected section closing dates, in the area￼ where the concrete replacement will be completed. as always dates are subject to change due to weather, contractor availability, material availability, and other factors that...


      
          



                thursday, february 22, 2024 at 9:13 am
              







main water line break


                        

              update july 6, 2023, at 1:45 pm: the line is repaired. we are gradually bringing the pressure back up in attempt to avoid any further issues. thank you for your patience. hazel street main water line break: the village of leetonia will be shutting down the section of hazel street in front of the family dollar store from approximately 8 am ( 07-06-2023 )until the main waterline repair is completed. we will attempt to allow traffic to go in, and i out of the family dollar store to keep their business open during the digging and repair. we will have detour, set up for traffic and officers at each...


      
          



                thursday, february 22, 2024 at 9:12 am
              







chestnut street paving of water line ditch to splash pad park


                        

              the section of chestnut street from front street to main street will be closed july 13, 2023, from approximately 7:00 a.m. until noon. a detour will be in place.


      
          



                thursday, february 22, 2024 at 9:12 am
              







water system maintenance 


                        

              update 08/10/2023 @ 9:00 pm: the boil order has been lifted. consumers may still experience low pressure and discoloration while we continue to perform maintenance on the system. the water department will be performing unscheduled maintenance to the water system due to a chlorination drop in the system. for the next few days consumers may experience low water pressure and discolored water. all leetonia water customers will be under a boil order until further notice. the system will be flushed rapidly; therefore, it will take a few days for the system to settle back to normal.


      
          



                thursday, february 22, 2024 at 9:12 am
              





view all news


featured




wreaths across america at oakdale cemetery







                        

              help oakdale cemetary in leetonia honor local heroes! this year may be unreasonable to reach our goal to have every veteran in oakdale cemetery remembered with a wreath on national wreaths across...


      
          

learn more






police officer - full or part time







                        

              leetonia police department 300 e. main st., leetonia oh 44431 the leetonia police department is hiring full-time and part-time officer’s for all shifts. full time: $21.00 hr. includes health...


      
          

learn more






service line inventory







                        

              in compliance with the us epa’s lead and copper rule revisions (lcrr) and the lead and copper rule improvements (lcri), every public water system is required to present a full inventory of all...


      
          

learn more






hydrant flushing







                        

              dear residents, it is required by the epa that the public water system have the control valves exercised and the flushing of the system hydrants annually. we will resume the hydrant flushing...


      
          

learn more






columbia gas project 2024







                        

              contact: benjamin cutler public affairs manager - columbia gas 216.215.4103 detour advisory june 5, 2024 - columbia gas of ohio and its contractor miller pipeline are set to begin a pipeline...


      
          

learn more




view all featured














history
learn more about our history
history





leetonia's beehive coke ovens
learn more about leetonia’s famous beehive coke ovens
leetonia's beehive coke ovens









applications & forms
commonly used forms and applications
applications & forms





sign up to receive text alerts
get village updates sent directly to your phone via text message.
sign up to receive text alerts

















the village of leetonia
our quiet village offers the visitor reminders of its historic past as well as many opportunities for enjoying the life of a small community in a beautiful natural setting.

the following is a link to the community reinvestment page
https://www.leetonia.org/community-reinvestment-area
learn more about us








return to top

















village of leetonia












main office



                                                            300 east main street                                                             leetonia, oh 44431
                                                        








                        website by muni-link
                            webpresence |
                                                    accessibility statement |
                                                                             terms
                                of use |
                                                                             privacy
                                policy |
                                                 sitemap |
                                                                          log in
















