





























from here to home...today | furnitureland



























						apply coupon
						serta25
						 - use code serta25 for 25% off serta mattresses 						
							details
						

use code serta25 for 25% off serta mattresses 








delmarva’s top rated source
									for home furnishings 
★★★★★ 4.9

•


				(302) 846-0777
 



 




search





×





 


					delmar, de					
 


 furnitureland
38529 sussex highway delmar, de 19940(302) 846-0777open today 10:00 am - 7:00 pmstore details
 


 my account





 cart

					0				


















 account




 cart



					×
				




						shop 
 




 back
					






furnitureland promisecurrent offerfinancinglocationcontact ustrack your delivery
 

mattresses
mattresses by sizekingqueenfulltwin xltwin
mattresses by comfortsoftmediumfirm
mattresses by typeinnerspringfoamhybridpocketed coilmattress in a box
mattress accessories
mattress basesfoundations & box springsadjustable basesbed frames
shop all mattresses


living room
upholsterysofassectionalsloveseatschaiseschairsottomans & footstoolsreclinersrockers & glidersliving room setschair with ottomanslift chairsall motion furniture
tables & storagetv stands & entertainment centersconsole & sofa tablesstorage cabinets & chestscoffee & cocktail tablesend & side tablesoccasional table sets
entry & hallwaybencheshall trees & coat racks
fireplacesall living room

recliners
bedroom
beds & storagebedroom setsbedsdressers & chestsnightstandsmirrorsheadboardsarmoires & wardrobesvanitiesbed frames
all bedroom

dining
tables & chairsdining setsdining tablesdining chairsbar stools
storage & displaykitchen islandsservers & buffetswine cabinets & racksbars & bar cartscurios & cabinets
all dining

home office
desks & chairsdesksoffice chairshome office sets
storagebookcasescabinets
all home office

clearance 
 


menu
  call us
 

 


search 


×















sign up for the latest vip events & design tips






email: 
zip code:


i accept the terms and conditions.



submit


no thanks














 







shop departments







mattresses







living room







bedroom







dining room







home office







clearance






view more 



the reviews are in
★★★★★





          customer service
        

          “it's always good to be able to shop, but couple that with excellent
          customer service and care, you've got a winning combination. my
          design consultant was very helpful and listened to my needs. no
          matter how many times i changed my mind about what i wanted! he was
          patient and kind. i appreciate him and furniture land for meeting my
          furniture needs! great service , selection and price! i'm satisfied
          with my purchase. thanks for being there!”
        
~ karen






          craftsmanship
        

          “we will most certainly return to furnitureland for our other
          furniture needs in the near future. their huge offering of solid,
          often us or canada based companies, is greatly appreciated. thank
          you furnitureland for good quality products. thank you for employing
          such an outstanding employee such as fidelia, which speaks volumes
          for your organization. we look forward to working again with fidelia
          for future purchases very soon.”
        
~ jayne






          design
        

          “great selection and extremely competitive pricing! "fidelia" was
          the nicest and most knowledgeable design consultant that i could
          have asked for. the store was quite busy, but she took the time to
          answer all of my questions, and even recommended some design and
          layout options that i hadn't thought of. wherever you are, this
          store is worth the drive! if i could give higher than 5 stars i
          would. thank you for the wonderful experience and a huge thank you
          to miss fidelia!!!!!!!!!!”
        






          delivery
        

          “today kenny w & kash delivered furniture to our home. they were
          courteous, professional and respectful. an incredible delivery
          experience all around. it was a pleasure dealing with them. kenny &
          kash are top notch!”
        














in style, in stockin your hometoday
shop now 












goodmorningsstart withgreat sleep
shop now 




























              complimentaryin-home design consultations
learn more 



















socials 







financing 







protection 







delivery 












the furnitureland promise
for over32 years,furnitureland has thrived on building lasting relationships with a stress-free purchasing experience.
learn more 




















what our customers say




★
★
★
★
★

we were very happy with the service we received during the selection of our new sofa. lisa provided excellent design service. she had great ideas but also listened carefully to my needs. 
sue ann lund





★
★
★
★
★

our salesperson  was lisa estevez .she was the best .she was so patient with us and was able to fine the  cabinet  and right  color that would work in our space. very helpful ,could not have had a better  experience. thank you for all your help lisa
roy krieg sr





★
★
★
★
★

very professional service both at the store as well as with delivery. we had them put the couch in a few different places, and they were happy to do it!
rich




more reviews 








discover the furnitureland difference

our industry-leading guarantees ensure it's virtually impossible for you to make a mistake when buying from us. we even let you enjoy your new furniture in your home for 14 days and send it back for free if it doesn't meet your needs.
at furnitureland, customers are at the center of everything we do. don't settle for a typical furniture buying experience. visit us today at 38529 sussex highway in delmar, de, and experience the furnitureland difference for yourself!



 
 














						i accept the terms and conditions.
					



sign up for the latest vip events & design tips


email:




							zip code						


sign up







join the conversation!



  facebook


  youtube


  instagram


  pinterest
 










we love the feeling of coming home, and at furnitureland we are devoted to helping you create your perfect home sanctuary. we promise that you will find only the most current trends at the best quality and at the lowest prices!








shop
mattressesliving roomreclinersbedroomdininghome officeclearanceshop all furniture

we're here to help
returnsfinancing

contact us
location & hoursfurnitureland showroomdistribution centeremail usgive us feedbacksubmit a service requestdonation requests


about us
our storycommunitycareers


resources
deliveryroom plannerfree design servicesunsubscribe


my account
sign inforgot passwordmy wishlist
 

accessibility








					© 2025 furnitureland. all rights reserved.
				


privacy policy
site map
offers & details*



 
our brands +


elk home

haven&home

hemingway

leesa

nectar

vaughan bassett

weekender


 


errors & omissions
the information displayed on this website is accurate to the best of our ability. please contact your local store to confirm product pricing, availability, fabric colors, and promotional dates.

 



 





































