  home - crestview area chamber of commerce                  
 skip to content    crestview chamber would like to thank the following members:       menuchamberabout uschamber staffboard of directorschamber committeescrestview chamber scholarshipfoy shaw tribute videostrategic planmembershipnew member applicationmembership benefitsmember directorymember to member dealsimpact partnershipshot dealswebsite advertisingeventswellness & business expochamber events calendarcommunity events calendarcalendar of eventsevent galleryarea infoabout crestviewbankingdiningfinancehealth carejob postingslodgingokaloosa county tourism development departmentreal estaterelocationnews & infocrestview news bulletinnwf daily newsone okaloosa edcresourcesbusiness resource centercity governmentcrestview policecounty governmentfl dist 01 house of representativesmilitary7th special forces groupeglin afbhurlburt fieldduke fieldnas whiting fieldokaloosa county sheriff departmentschool districtstate representativestate senator welcome to the crestview area chamber of commerce    calendar  event calendar    calendar  join today    calendar  find a member    calendar  member loginregister now for our march networking breakfast brought to you by nomc day hour minute second connecting, building, growing: together we thrive!the chamber puts our partners in the spotlight. from sharing your news, to promoting your events, to posting special offers, the chamber helps our partners amplify their message to the business community and visitors to our area.  become a member    click here to sign up for email updates about the chamber  sign up >>    welcome to crestviewcrestview is a very popular place for families and retired people to settle down, due to our very affordable housing, great schools and proximity to our beautiful emerald and snow white beaches. we believe that you will find crestview to be the place you would want to settle down!  learn more >>    business resource centercrestview is an upcoming community with a very diverse population.  there is much to offer when it comes to opportunities to be successful in our community.  learn more >>  thank you to our impact partners!   bit wizard    ccb    city of crestview    cox    destin    eglin federal credit union    fpl    live oak fiber    north okaloosa medical center    allen turner chevrolet  next previous new to the area?discover the heart of our vibrant community with the crestview area chamber of commerce's community guide and business directory! this essential resource connects you to local businesses, services, and events, showcasing the best of what our area has to offer. whether you're a resident, visitor, or business owner, our directory provides valuable insights and opportunities to engage with and support our dynamic local economy. check it out to stay informed, get involved, and make the most of everything our community has to offer.   shopping    dining    community guide    lodging  upcoming events   view calendar   view directory  © 2025 crestview area chamber of commerce  |  site by growthzone crestview area chamber of commerce    phone number   850-682-3212     map and address   1447 commerce drive | crestview, fl 32539     email   info@crestviewchamber.com     facebook      instagram      linked in    crestview chamber would like to thank the following members:   © 2025 crestview area chamber of commerce.  all rights reserved. scroll to top                


