





 mri scanning diagnostic and research exsacn uk open mri scanning centres 

















































 mri scanning
                                











home




mri scanning


mri scanning


about ex-scan uk
booking / referal form



questions
e-scan xq

case study

anterior cruciate ligament injury (acl) 
mri scan images


news
contact




















                                 diagnostic & research  open mri scanning


e scan xq mri scans

















                                 ex-scan uk 
                            

                               diagnostic & research open mri scanningspecializing in the areas of trauma, sports medicine
and rheumatology. diagnosis and treatment of joints -
 ankles, hips, knees, wrists, shoulders and sports injurys.
                            

about ex-scan uk








mri scan (magnetic resonance imaging scan)
we provide imaging on the latest low field mri scanner. the e-scan xq is an open design mri scanner, that enhances patient comfort, eliminates anxiety and the claustrophobic effects caused by the conventional scanners. the mri scanner is able to provide imaging of the shoulder, elbow, wrist, hand, hip, knee, ankle and foot. dedicated surface coils and latest software are used to achieve optimal image quality, aiding in making a more accurate diagnosis from the mri scan images.
read more






benefits of mri

detailed diagnostic picturesable to show unique information








patient
                                benefits
prompt service painless radiation free








ex-scan uk

open mri scanning
diagnostic mri scanning
research mri scanning












access to ex-scan uk mri scanning



1. access
self referral or referral from your specialist, general practitioner, physiotherapist or other therapist.




2. private mri scan funding
you can be self funding or insured for your private mri scan.




3. emergencies
an emergency mri scanning service is available by special arrangement.





















how to book an appointment for your mri scan
mri scans provides exceptionally detailed images of all body structures in multiple planes without the use of ionising radiation. mri has proved to be unusually rewarding in the detection, localisation, and assessment of extent and character of disease and injuries. to book your mri scan a referal form needs to be completed.


referal form page





















diagnostic and research open mri scanning and ultrasound imaging, ex -scan uk north west mri scan centre for low field mri scanning 
specializing in the diagnosis and treatment of joints - ankles, hips, knees, wrists, shoulders and sports injurys using open mri scanning. 





















news

 
ex-scan uk
mri scan centre news....
read more






co information

privacy
disclaimer
sitemap
mri links





contact


                                   ex-scan uk
bolton arena
middlebrook retail & leisure park
arena approach
horwich
bolton bl6 6lb
                                

                                   tel: 01204 488211
                                   fax: 01204 488363
                                

ex-scanuk@boltonarena.com
















ex-scan uk 
                                	2019 © all rights reserved
                                






pravacy
disclaimer
links
sitemap
contact
























































