






home











































 









homerosterdcswhat is dcs?dcs rostersvf-103vfa-25vfa-143vma-214hsc-9vr-62vt-7dcs logbooksquadron intelflswflsw opsflsw rosterposcon mapvatsim mapwhat is flsw?missionscalendarscuttlebutt forumcontact usenlist








scuttlebutt forumindexrecent topicssearch







main gate 







 


username or email








password



show password







							remember me						




																log in									





																			forgot login?											



																			sign up											



























zulu: 

 







welcome to the virtual united states navy (vusn) and your opportunity to learn and enjoy virtual naval aviation at its finest. the vusn was established in december 1999 by todd cox (usn ret.) and mark di domenico (usn ret.) with the goal of affording opportunities for fellow simmers that enjoy naval aviation. membership is open to mature individuals (at least 21 years of age) of any nationality and our membership currently covers many time zones. the vusn was built on the philosophy of setting the bar high while at the same time allowing pilots to enjoy our hobby of naval aviation simulation.
the vusn operates two distinct and separate simulation environments:
combat operations
dcs world is for dedicated dcs pilots looking for fun and camaraderie within an organizational structure like a real-world carrier air wing. one specific policy of the vusn is that we want dedicated and focused dcs pilots only flying with one group. while we hope that is the vusn, we believe that you should focus your efforts and provide 100% support of one group. the vusn tries to emulate real-world procedures, tactics, and aircraft systems usage, thus one needs to spend time honing one's piloting and procedural skills.
the vusn only flies u.s. navy and marine corp aircraft, while operating from both ship and shore assets. all communications are conducted via simple radio standalone (srs) system, with discord as the backup.

in addition, the vusn also uses several other 3rd-party software packages, including lotatc and simple radio standalone (srs), and community mods, including the t-45, c-130, and uh-60.
whether you’re a novice (nugget) to dcs or an expert (cag) you are welcome to join and experience the thrill of what carrier operations and naval aviation has to offer. we offer a relaxed training environment with hands on learning from our fleet pilots and they will have you up and flying with the squadron and fleet in no time.
fleet logistics support wing (flsw)
flsw operations are conducted on the poscon and vatsim networks using passenger/cargo aircraft and search and rescue (sar) operations using helicopters. both poscon and vatsim are multiplayer online network that connects users of various flight simulator platforms together with virtual air traffic controllers in an interactive, immersive, and realistic environment. vusn supports simulation the following platforms: msfs 2020, p3d, fsx, and x-plane. while we have the feel of a military structure, we strive to provide a relaxed, non-competitive virtual military logistics organization. if these types of operations are what you are looking for, then you should enlist above. you will find more information in the menu on both networks and the flsw program.

  
 you will not be disappointed....come fly with the best!!!












