



igcc | insulating glass certification council





























































 toggle main menu visibility
        

certified productscurrent certified products directoryarchived certified products directoriesmap of certified plantsreviewed components & memosapproved labslaboratory manualmap of approved labsprovisional certificationmeetings/eventsmore informationmiscellaneous formscertification notesaccreditationnewsarchived press releases and newstestimonialsfaqaboutigcc benefitscontactrepresenting public interestrepresenting industrycommunications















the leading source for ig certificationthe insulating glass certification council (igcc) exists to offer the most credible, efficient, and easy-to-use product certification to end-users and the public. we provide assurance to the public our participants conform to the expected requirements for insulating glass unit performance."they are dedicated to delivering excellent service and knowledge while bringing value and integrity to the insulating glass industry through their certification program." - sean murray, odl"it is important to us, and to our customers, to know our processes are audited and our products are regularly tested by independent labs to the highest industry standards..." - troy johnson, sigco"the certification information portal (cip) launched by ams is an important milestone for the certification program.  this is an excellent service to program participants and evidence that ams is committed to continual improvement of program processes.”  - don boutelle, viracon



























                        certified product search
                    



certified products key






                        select from drop-down or key in directly.
                    




manufacturer's name







country







state or province







certification number







spacer







sealant







gcia













questions or problems related to your search?
                    please contact 1-315-646-2234













about the igcc
the insulating glass certification council (igcc), which was established in 1977, is focused on keeping every commercial and residential ig product current and safe for consumers.







certified product search


steps to certification


join our mailing list





news








 




february igcc®/igma® certified products directoryplease note that the 2024 february igcc®/igma® certified products directory has been published digitally.
hard copies will only be mailed upon request.  to request a hard copy, please contact...read  moremolimo acquires nctlarchitectural testing powerhouses join forces under the molimo banner.
molimo acquires national certified testing laboratories including facilities in pennsylvania and washington state.
click to dow...read  moreigcc rapid assessment chamber (rac) and provisional certification (pc) is now availabler.a.c and p.c. information
...read  moreigcc names new president at 2019 meetinghttps://www.usglassmag.com/2019/06/igcc-names-new-president-at-2019-annual-meeting/...read  moreigcc undergoes pilot studies to define path to faster certificationposted on june 18, 2018 by news editor

 
the insulating glass certification council (igcc) has conducted several pilot studies during the past five years to define a path to fa...read  morearchived press releases and news





















igcc program benefits


certification resources








© 2025 igcc. all rights reserved.


                    credibilty in industry certification through active public participation          phone 1-315-646-2234          email: staff@amscert.com






















