















chesterfield county, va | official website



 






 















skip to main content





















 





















 
 
 

 














home








subscribe








report










 
 









translate






 
 
 






    departments      community      business      support services  


 

 

 

 






 

 














celebrate black history monthjoin chesterfield county and virginia state university to explore the rich heritage and contributions of african americans through a variety of engaging programs. discover event details and participate in the celebration.learn more
 






  
 
 






























 














connect with us








assistance










 
 














parks and recreation








payments and permits










 
 














utilities








safety and security










 
 
 

 



 



 



 














popular resources
 






  
 














careers








public meetings








real estate assessment data (read)










 
 














chesterfield alert








storm information








government citizens academy










 
 














active development and zoning cases








libraries








schools










 
 
 



 














spotlights
 






  
 














apply for the 2025 my chesterfield academy 


registration for the 2025 my chesterfield academy is open until 5 p.m. on monday, march 17, 2025. this program empowers residents, particularly those ...			learn more







apply for a 2025 summer internship 


the college summer internship program provides students an opportunity to gain hands-on experience of what it is like to work in local government. the...			learn more...







black history month 2025 celebration events 


chesterfield and virginia state university proudly present the black history month (bhm) 2025 celebration. each february, a variety of programs explor...			learn more...







nominate your chesterfield community champions 


nominate your 2025 chesterfield community champion by 5 p.m. on monday, march 10, 2025.			learn more







2024 state of the county 


county and school officials presented the 2024 state of the county, highlighting some of the year's accomplishments.						read on...







welcome to the new library website 


explore our new library website! the new accessible, inclusive and approachable pages feature simplified navigation, optimized search functionality an...						read on...







chesterfield lead-free according to water service line inventory 


following a multi-year effort to identify lead water service lines in chesterfield county, the utilities department can report that we are lead-free f...			additional info...







ride the clover dale zone link microtransit 


the clover dale zone link microtransit brings a whole new way to get around to chesterfield county, connecting businesses and residents along hull str...			learn about clover dale zone link microtransit







create an eyeonwater online portal account 


the eyeonwater online portal, available for customers with advanced meters, allows users to monitor water usage in near real-time and detect possible ...			additional info...







view more spotlights




/civicalerts.aspx


  
 
 



 














latest news
 






  
 










experience chesterfield launches history happened here 

new campaign highlights chesterfield’s major moments in history				read on...




chesterfield to celebrate black history month in february 

this year’s theme – “african americans and labor”— focuses on the profound ways that work and working of all kinds intersect with the collective experiences of black people				read on...




applications now being accepted for 2025 summer internships 

college students can expand their knowledge of how government works during 10-week program				read on...




registration open for chesterfield’s spring government citizens academy 

program promotes greater understanding of local government operations				read on...





view all news




/civicalerts.aspx


  
 



  
 














calendar
 






  
 




 public meetings
 community events




 public meetings











feb
18	


electoral board

electoral boardread on



planning commission meeting

planning commission meetingread on






feb
20	


economic development authority

economic development authorityread on



community services board meeting

community services board meetingread on






feb
24	


chesterfield-colonial heights social services board

chesterfield-colonial heights social services boardread on



committee on the future

committee on the futureread on




view full calendar




/calendar.aspx





 community events











feb
20	


childcare provider workshop

childcare provider workshopread on






feb
21	


winter lecture series - chesterfield county public schools in the era of segregation

winter lecture series - chesterfield county public schools in the era of segregationread on






feb
22	


black history month vendor fair - celebration of black business

black history month vendor fair - celebration of black businessread on






mar
1	


rabies clinic

rabies clinicread on




view full calendar




/calendar.aspx







 
 
 



 



 







contact us







9901 lori road


chesterfield, va 23832


general information: 804-748-1000
 






  
 













report or request








staff directory










 
 



  
 







quick links







agendas and minutes



calendar



careers



departments and offices



facilities



financial transparency



holidays and closures









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 



  
 







website assistance







accessibility



documents



notifications



privacy policy



public records (foia)



site map



translate









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 



  
 















 






  
 
 



 














facebook








instagram








youtube








nextdoor








twitter








facebook










 
 
 

 









 
 
 















loading









				loading
			


do not show again
close






























arrow left



arrow right





[]



slideshow left arrow





slideshow right arrow









