




home - al kader shriners









































503.682.442025100 sw parkway ave, wilsonville




















home

about

about al kader shriners
about shriners international
appendant bodies


shriners children's
calendar
events
oasis
venue
social media

more

join us
clubs & units
my fezcard viewer
pay dues
central oregon shrine club





















a culture of caring
learn more
















                              it's more than the hat we wear
shriners play an important role in the local community
learn more
















                              valued in the community
we have a determination to make a difference.
learn more
















                              helping children
a mission that matters
learn more





















hours & phone


mon-fri
8:00am-5:00pm
sat-sun
closed
503.682.4420



about al kader






event rentals


enjoy our spacious facilities for your next event.


                        harrington hall
                      

                        the east room
                      

                        lounge
                      



more info






become a shriner™


make a difference in the lives of children and their families through supporting the 22 shriner children's hospitals and their very special patients.


join us






clubs & units


there's a nearly endless number of ways to get involved and make a difference in the lives of others.


clubs & units








helping to better the lives of others





who are shriners?
shriners are first to fun, you will have the opportunity to connect with your brothers, build your own fraternal experience and make a difference in the lives of children through your international philanthropy, shriners hospitals for children.





our mission
be the premier fraternal organization for men of good character. provide attractive, quality programs and services for its members, their families and their friends in a spirit of fun, fellowship and social camaraderie.





integrity, sensitivity & respect
foster self-improvement through leadership, education, the perpetuation of moral values and community involvement. serve mankind through the resources of its philanthropy, shriners hospitals for children.










friends, family & fun
live life to the fullest. be a part of a lifestyle where philanthropy and fun go hand in hand.
learn more








service, family, and community


              al kader shriners are a group steeped rich in tradition, but have a mission that is thoroughly current and topical – strong family and helping children. we are a brotherhood, with a family component. our fraternity of professionals, retirees, and men of all walks of life are committed to the same goal, that of service, family and community.
            

              we have a list of groups and units that all participate in many independent and group events to appeal to all interests.
            

              the common thread of philanthropy resonates through our fraternity, with our underlying goal of supporting shriner’s hospitals for children. our hospitals provide advanced care for children with orthopedic conditions, burns, spinal cord injuries, and cleft lip and palate.
            

              our hospitals along with our activities are supported through the donations of our membership and the community.
            


















503.682.4420



25100 sw parkway ave, wilsonville








                   
                
















© all rights reserved. al kader shriners. 
 website by larry hennessee & nick fulmer, houser & hennessee advertising.










