











- seiwa kai karate table view cape town














































seiwa kai karate table view cape town


home
benefits of karate

women in karate
food and karate


about us

peter klipfel kyoshi
history


japanese goju ryu

goju ryu history


contact us
 











seiwa kai honbu dojo cape town
home of japanese goju ryu  in tableview cape town under the instruction of peter kyoshi 7th dan 











traditional karate and seiwa kai lineage


goju-ryū is a traditional japanese martial art that combines hard and soft techniques, making it a well-rounded style of karate. gogen yamaguchi first introduced goju ryu and made it not only popular in japan, but soon the legend and his gojukai spread like wildfire across the world. one of his top students was the late shuji tasaki reknown for his fierce fighting.later in 1970 tasaki formed the seiwa kai goju ryu group that is also affiliated to the jkf gojukai  




benefits of karate training


beginner or advanced, goju ryu karate instills physical and mental strength; it improves focus, flexibility, and dexterity. karate training also helps alleviate stress and increase self-confidence. 
while it is a system of self-defence and all-encompassing body workout, karate also promotes values congruent with the family unit and success. it is an environment that promotes respect and courtesy. it teaches a student to become more disciplined, more patient within themselves, and encourages humility above ego.




seiwa kai hombu dojo - tableview cape town


the seiwa kai dojo opened its doors in table view in 1990. since then it has produced over 100 black belts, several national all style karate champions and over 200 provincial all style champions. the dojo has the look of the traditional japanese dojo..no sport karate has been taught since 2016 when it reopened for adults only and traditional old school karate tuition. it is home to men and women that have added to the atmosphere through hard work and continuous training to reach the next level 




women in karate.. feel the benefits


above all women need to encourage each other through their karate journey because it is uniquely different from a man’s journey. we don’t all have rock hard abs or kicks that go straight to the sky. we are everyday women who are confident, strong, and empowered due to martial arts.
karate give me ways to cope, defend, persevere, understand, learn and grow in all categories of my life.
women share the same experiences in martial arts as they do in life, and that is why their dependence on each other for motivation and encouragement is so important. 

 








     






contact seiwakai
contact information for seiwa kai cape town 





contact information
the dojo is open for training on wednesday , friday and sunday morning 


59 erica road table view
seiwakai goju ryu karate do



peter.kyoshi@seiwakai.co.za
email us for more information









seiwakai goju ryu cape town south africa© 2025  | spark theme by:  d5 creation | powered by: wordpress


 
 


