





bishop creek lodge – bishop california cabins and lodging
















































































 skip to content









book now! 1 (760) 873-4484 














  


search for:








homecabinssleeps 2cabin 1cabin 4cabin 6sleeps 4brook cabinbrown cabincabin 2cabin 3sleeps 5cabin 5cabin 8sleeps 8golden cabinrainbow cabinlodging policiessite mapbarstoremore infoactivitiesattractionshistorycontact usbook now! 












 







 


 




bishop creek resortmtnstudio2024-09-04t15:06:57-07:00 
bishop creek lodge is a seasonal family-owned rustic resort that has been around since 1928. we serve the public from the last saturday of april through the last saturday of october. we are located less than 20 miles southwest of bishop and sit at an elevation of 8,374 ft. we offer 11 cabin rentals ranging in size, all of which come with their own kitchenette and 3/4 bathroom. we have the convenience of a general store, cocktail bar, laundry facilities, and public showers. the eastern sierra offers plenty of amenities for the outdoor enthusiast or those coming to escape the confines of city-living and want a breath of fresh air and spectacular scenery.
we look forward to making your stay full of pleasant and memorable experiences!
cabin rentals 
our cabins are rustic, cozy, pet-friendly places to stay while you fish, hike, and explore bishop creek canyon from spring through fall.
stay here cocktail bar
our bar provides the perfect treat for adventurers after spending the day casting lines or exploring our big back yard.
relax here
fishing & hiking
start your morning fishing the gin-clear stream of bishop creek, working your way up to the hogs at south lake or even beyond to the high country.
catch more 




 
 





 2100 south lake road
bishop, ca 93514
760-873-4484
bishopcreekresort@gmail.com
book now!

 

store & bar hours monday – wednesday
8:00 am – 4:00 pm
thursday – sunday
8:00 am – 6:00 pm
 

 



 
 
 





		copyright © 2016-2025 bishop creek lodge & resort, all rights reserved. site design:  sharp end designs and mountain studio



instagram
 
 
 
 


 
 





california residents click here for supplemental privacy information pursuant to the california consumer privacy act of 2018 ("ccpa").we use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. by clicking “accept”, you consent to the use of all the cookies. however you may visit cookie settings to provide a controlled consent. cookie settingsacceptprivacy & cookies policy




close






privacy overview 
this website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. we also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. these cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. you also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. but opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.

 





								necessary							


necessary

always enabled




									necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. this category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. these cookies do not store any personal information.								






								non-necessary							


non-necessary





									any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. it is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.								












save & accept










 





























































































































