









case, ibrahim & clauss, llp | 














































home
about
attorneys
practice areas
representative clients
articles

blog


links
contact
 







case, ibrahim & clauss, llp
attorneys at law
dedication. experience. commitment.






practice areas


construction claims & litigation
real estate litigation
contract drafting/negotiation 


business litigation
business organization (corp./llc)
claims avoidance




full service law firm
serving the interests of clients in both public works and private works sectors, case, ibrahim & clauss, llp's attorneys have nearly 100 years of combined practice experience.












case, ibrahim & clauss, llp specializes in representation of local, national and international general contractors, subcontractors, material suppliers, architects, engineers, sureties and owners in disputes before state and federal courts, arbitration panels, and mediators.


although the firm is based in orange county and centrally located to service all of southern california, the firm also maintains a wide client base in northern and central california.
this representation has involved major public and private construction projects, engineering systems and specialized facilities, as well as general business and corporate law.



a dynamic law firmcase, ibrahim & clauss, llp, offers a unique blend of pragmatic and innovative approaches to trial litigation, arbitration, and mediation on behalf of all facets of the construction, design, and real estate development industries and corporate matters.
passionate servicebrian s. case, f. albert ibrahim and d. michael clauss founded case, ibrahim & clauss, llp on the principle of personal attention, sound judgment and positive resolution for complex private and public works construction projects.
experienced lawyerscase, ibrahim & clauss, llp specializes in representation of local, national and international general contractors and subcontractors in disputes before mediators, arbitration panels and state and federal courts.










brian 

case 
(1958-2021)

view profile




albert 

ibrahim 


view profile




michael

clauss 


view profile














how can we help you?

 

message
 











office location

 southern california
15615 alton parkway. suite 450
irvine, california 92618
phone: 714-540-3636 fax: 714-540-3680
email: firm@ciclaw.com













copyright 2020 case, ibrahim & clauss, llp. all rights reserved
law firm web designers by: 

                    



















