hvac and plumbing services in central ohio | atlas butlerskip to main content1-800-furnace we’re always open. call now.schedule online1-800-furnace we’re always open. call now.our storycareersfinancingcustomer portalatlas butlerheating & coolingair conditionersinstallmaintenanceservice & repairfurnacesinstallmaintenancefurnace repair & serviceemergency servicesa/cfurnacegas leakduct cleaningthermostatsheat pumpsinstallmaintenanceservice & repairductless split systemsclean air solutionswhole home dehumidifierswhole home humidifiersplumbing & drainemergency servicesplumbingdrain and sewerwater heaterssump pumpsgas leakfrozen pipesdrain & sewercleaning & repairhydro jettingsewer line repairdrain repair & installsewer camera inspectionwater heatersreplacementmaintenanceservice & repairtankless water heaterssump pumpsinstallationreplacementservice & repairexcavation & water line repairtrenchless pipe repairtoilet & urinalreplacementservice & repairgarbage disposalsreplacementservice & repairleak location servicesfaucet repairwater purification systemsinstallbackflow testingcomfort clubspecial offersschedule onlineheating & coolingair conditionersinstallmaintenanceservice & repairfurnacesinstallmaintenancefurnace repair & serviceemergency servicesa/cfurnacegas leakduct cleaningthermostatsheat pumpsinstallmaintenanceservice & repairductless split systemsclean air solutionswhole home dehumidifierswhole home humidifiersplumbing & drainemergency servicesplumbingdrain and sewerwater heaterssump pumpsgas leakfrozen pipesdrain & sewercleaning & repairhydro jettingsewer line repairdrain repair & installsewer camera inspectionwater heatersreplacementmaintenanceservice & repairtankless water heaterssump pumpsinstallationreplacementservice & repairexcavation & water line repairtrenchless pipe repairtoilet & urinalreplacementservice & repairgarbage disposalsreplacementservice & repairleak location servicesfaucet repairwater purification systemsinstallbackflow testingcomfort clubspecial offersour storycareersfinancingcustomer portalheating, cooling, orplumbing acting funny?we’re here for you.schedule onlinecall 24/7certified techs2 hr service windowservice all brandsno after hours feesfinancing availablequality repairs and timely service guaranteed.we are the only heating, cooling and plumbing company that can guarantee to have you back up and running within 24 hours of your call more than 95% of the time. read our full comfort pledge to learn about everything we do to guarantee your comfort.learn moreheating & coolingplumbing & drainwater heatersclean air solutionscold weather, warm home.winter is known to wreak havoc on homes. now is the perfect time to call for a maintenance check to ensure your basement doesn’t become an ice rink.schedule onlinecall nowcolumbus weathercomfort can’t waitprevent costly repairs, ensure your system operates at peak efficiency, and is ready for any weather. the comfort club membership helps you save hundreds on parts and labor if you do need a repair.see benefitsi use atlas butler for my hvac and this is the first time i've used them for plumbing. they responded within 3 hours to address a water tank leak, and replaced the tank the next afternoon. this was a saturday and sunday.– david d.great service! fast, knew exactly why the sump pump was leaking and fixed it quickly. professional, neat, friendly. peace of mind!– mary beth m.i use atlas butler for my hvac and this is the first time i've used them for plumbing. they responded within 3 hours to address a water tank leak, and replaced the tank the next afternoon. this was a saturday and sunday.– david d.great service! fast, knew exactly why the sump pump was leaking and fixed it quickly. professional, neat, friendly. peace of mind!– mary beth m.atlas butler is always prompt and professional! they stand behind their work! always let you know when they are on the way with a picture of who you should expect. they have replaced our furnace, a/c, dehumidifier, and hot water tank!– patty c.i called at 8 a.m., had a service repair person show up by 10 a.m., give quote on tank replacement, appointment made and installed in one day. couldn't have been more professional.– deb h.atlas butler is always prompt and professional! they stand behind their work! always let you know when they are on the way with a picture of who you should expect. they have replaced our furnace, a/c, dehumidifier, and hot water tank!– patty c.i called at 8 a.m., had a service repair person show up by 10 a.m., give quote on tank replacement, appointment made and installed in one day. couldn't have been more professional.– deb h.heating, cooling, plumbing and promising futures.we have immediate job openings in columbus, ohio, and are seeking talented people committed to a rewarding, long-term career.join our teamride to decideawards and recognitionatlas butler comfort pledgespecial offersfinancingcontactcareersride to decideservice areablogyoutubefacebookinstagram© 2024 atlas butlerterms & conditionsprivacy policy