





st. gregory the great catholic church


























 










facebook









google translate




 
      
        
        
        
          
			
			
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
      












st. gregory the great catholic church

»home+about us»about»bulletin»parish priests»history»important links»join our parish»mass intentions»mass live stream»mass schedule»online giving»st. andrew chapel»staff+ministries»liturgical»music ministry»youth ministry»prayer groups»service and outreach»committees»safe environment»ministerio hispano»registro parroquial»ministerio hispano+sacraments»baptism»first reconciliation»first eucharist»confirmation»matrimony»anointing of the sick»funerals»becoming a catholic+education»sgg catholic school»john paul ii catholic school»religious education+contact us»contact»directions»office hours













skip to content
skip to menu






















donate to sgg








quick links

mass live stream
online giving
view bulletin
safe environment
join our parish





saint gregory the great catholic parish will be a beacon of catholicity, recognized as a large, welcoming and effective faith community serving the lowcountry of south carolina. 

read more


today's reading

upcoming events/ parish calendar
						








feb
22





								knights of columbus food drive
								


time:

								from 4:00 pm



location:
									sgg church at all masses
								










feb
23





								knights of columbus food drive
								


time:


till 5:00 pm


location:
									sgg church at all masses
								










mar
5





								rosary and anointing of the sick with order of malta
								


time:

								12:45 pm 
								
								 - 12:45 pm











mar
6





								alzheimer’s/dementia support group 
								


time:

								2:00 pm 
								
								 - 4:00 pm


location:
									st andrew hall
								










mar
29





								knights of columbus food drive
								


time:

								from 4:00 pm



location:
									sgg church at all masses
								










show calendar show all






mass schedule


saturday
vigil 4:00 p.m. and 6:00 p.m.


sunday
7:00 a.m., 9:00 a.m., 11:00 a.m.,
11:00 a.m. at jpii, 1:00 p.m. (spanish), and 5:00 p.m.


children's liturgy of the word
this has been suspended until further notice.
please check back for updates.


daily masses
monday-friday 6:45 a.m. (st andrew chapel)
monday-friday 8:30 a.m. & 12:15 p.m.
friday 7:00 p.m. (en español)
saturday 8:30 a.m.


live streaming
monday through friday 8:30 a.m. 
saturday vigil 4:00 p.m.
sunday 11:00 a.m. & 1:00 p,m. (en español) 
please see live stream link below
click here


sacrament of penance
monday to friday: 9:00 a.m. & 11:45 a.m.
friday: 6:00 p.m. (en español)
saturday: 3:00 p.m.


adoration


perpetual adoration is a eucharistic devotion where members of the parish unite in taking hours of adoration before the most blessed sacrament, both during the day and throughout the night, seven days a week. the chapel is located behind the church’s main sanctuary.
							




news & announcements





employment opportunity!			
			
				
				
					
				
									
				
					director of music/organist





no greater gift




					
				
					
				
									
				
					now available!!!our own deacon denny is now a published author!open this link for information on ordering.





scam alert!




					
				
					
				
									
				
					text messages and emails are being sent to appear that msgr. cellini or another priest is asking for a favor.  these are a scam.  we ask that you please not respond!





are you called?




					
				
					
				
									
				
					permanent deaconate





bluffton saa 			
			
				
				
					
				
									
				
					recovery meetings will be held in bluffton for those who have a desire to change their lives.





heaven's treasure




					
				
					
				
									
				
					"heavens treasure,” benefitting saint gregory and john paul ii schools.





volunteer code of conduct/acknowledgement




					
				
					
				
									
				
					volunteer code of conduct/acknowledgement - updated form required to sign



 show all 



social media

st. gregory the great catholic church facebook
st. gregory the great catholic church





massintentions
deathnotices


volunteeropportunities

important links





eucharistic adoration



catholic appeal of south carolina



heaven's treasure



catholic mass times



join flocknote



 show all 





featured  albums




2025 march for life



cardinal coutts















 
      31 saint gregory drive
      bluffton, sc 29909


        (843) 815-3100 
office hours

st. gregory the great catholic church
powered by educational networks 



















×
annual giving statements



thank you for your generosity!sgg provided annual giving statements at the end of january 2025. those parishioners with a valid email address in the parish database received their giving statement electronically from our database, the sender being pushpay. if you have not received your giving statement, please check your spam folder or call the parish office during regular business hours to verify your email address. 


tuesday, february 18, 2025







