










haines his way | the legend. the inspiration. the enigma. the man. guy haines.












































 
 
 






 







february 18, 2025:
pre-order link is alive and well and living in haines his way land




well, dear readers, we had us a bit of a fake-out in yesterday’s notes due to the link never showing up. i’m happy to report that the link has shown up and furthermore, it’s working. so, now’s the time to order your signed copy – do not delay, do not dally, do not tarry, do not linger, do not loiter, just click on the link. don’t miss out – only the first twenty-five copies will come with a typescript original page signed by the author, as well. even i ordered a copy. here is the handy-dandy link.
http://www.kritzerland.com/vegas.htm
and yes, the order page is truly screwy – wrong book title, weird symbols, but until doug learns the new version of his software, this is what we’ll get. just glad people can now order. otherwise, yesterday was kind of irritating. i did get eight and a half hours of sleep, i did get up, i did answer a lot of e-mails, then i’d forgotten i had a lunch meeting, so i had to prepare for that. i moseyed on over to mel’s for the meeting. i tried their chili, cheese, and onion hot dog and i must say i thought it was terrible. i dutifully ate it, but i didn’t like it. i had a few fries with it. the meeting was fine and fun, then i stopped at a gas station nearby that’s usually very pricey, but for some reason they were thirty-eight cents cheaper than the “cheap” station nearby. so, i put gas in the motor car, so i’m probably good for the next couple of weeks, at least i should hope so. after that, i came right home, finished all my director “homework” – prop list, sound cues, and three small backdrops. i had some telephonic conversations, i watched the first thirty minutes of sayonara, starring marlon brando – it really needs a first-class transfer with excellent color – a technirama film, so really should look spectacularly spectacular. i also watched the first twenty minutes or so of something i never knew existed – a taped production of wait until dark from the 1980s, starring katharine ross and stacy keach. ms. ross is, i’m afraid to say, a little too laid back and a little too not a stage actress to pull off the role, especially following in the footsteps of lee remick and audrey hepburn. stacy keach is okay – but alan arkin is definitive in that role. there’s some music by lalo schifrin, but once you’ve heard henry mancini’s masterpiece of a score, nothing else will do. i might fast forward to the big scene to see how effective it is. it’s on youtube if you want to see it. and here we are.
today, she of the evil eye will arrive at eight-thirty, so i’ll arise at eight and be out the door by eight-thirty to breakfast, do the macy’s return, and do a few errands and whatnot. then i’ll do some prep work for wednesday and thursday’s rehearsals and saturday’s, too – i have to knock out these huge twelve-page scenes and get them out of the way. i’m hoping we can get the entire dancing with alice scene done tomorrow night. as for tonight, we are drilling all the group numbers, and i may try and stage one more group number if we have time. i think if we drill for ninety minutes and then i stage for ninety, we might get away with it.
tomorrow, i can relax during the day, then we’ll tackle dancing with alice and if we get the number done, then i can work on the scene before and after it. that’s the big twelve-page sequence. and there’s an equally long one in act two. thursday, i don’t remember what’s on the schedule, but i’m just going to move as fast as i can and clean it all up later. friday is the cat scan – i’m a bit nervous about it, just because it’s new territory, but hopefully it won’t be too bad. saturday, we have four hours and my goal is to get as much done as possible, sunday and monday are off, and then i will absolutely finish whatever’s left on the tuesday, wednesday, and thursday, so that we can then assemble all the parts.
well, dear readers, i must take the day, i must do the things i do, i must, for example, be up at eight and out the door by eight-thirty or so, i must breakfast, do a macy’s return, do errands and whatnot, have a rehearsal, and then relax. today’s topic of discussion: what was your very first experience on the world wide web aka the internet? let’s have loads of lovely postings, shall we, whilst i hit the road to dreamland, happy that the pre-order link is alive and well and living in haineshisway land.


click here to go to the unseemly discussion board

search bk's notes archive:


 





© 2001 - 2025 by bruce kimmel. all rights reserved










