



welcome to the bughaus! all the parts and accessories your air-cooled volkswagen needs!













































search by part 
                    number
                    or description

  














 






				attn uk customers:
due to brexit changing how vat is collected on international 
				shipments, we are forced to stop shipping any orders to the uk 
				for the time being. any uk orders currently being processed will 
				be cancelled.
 




 







we have a walkthrough 
					of how to use our site - click here!

our
                    current store counter/phone hours are tuesday-friday 12:00 - 5:00cst and saturday
                    10-2cst - closed sundays and mondays.

over 5000 parts
                    available to order online with our secure server!

there's over
                    4500 pictures on our site! all full-color and all shot by
                    us! no scanned-in pics from catalogs. we shoot the actual 
                    part we sell so you know what you're getting.

at this time we
                    are not offering a paper catalog, as we are strictly
                    focusing on our online catalog which we are updating about 5
                    times a week!

thanks for
                    shopping at bughaus.com where it's always"all air-cooled, all the time!"








metal distributor to carb 
				vacuum line
$23.95



				not available since vw discontinued these several hundred years 
				ago! vw designed this line so no fuel could run back from the 
				carburetor into the vacuum pod on your engine. these are a super 
				nice reproduction!
 




early beetle / ghia 
				german master cylinder
$84.95
				excellent oem german-made quality from fte! comes complete with 
				a 2-terminal german brake light switch!
 




fuel filler flange
				$29.95
				when vw eliminated the fuel door on later buses, it exposed the 
				fuel filler flange under the gas cap to the elements which can 
				cause them to rust once their protective plating wears off. 
				discontinued by vw years ago, we're proud to now offer a 
				top-quality reproduction that's made in germany!
 




headlight 
				wiring grommet
				$3.95
				now available is the grommet in the 68-79 bus headlight buckets 
				where the wires go through. your original grommet is probably 
				old, cracked, and painted over after all these years. as it 
				falls apart, your wiring can rub against the headlight bucket 
				causing a short. these new grommets are an exact reproduction of 
				the original!
 



9-pin 
				flasher relay
				$69.95
				while there have been quite a few reproductions over the years 
				of this elusive relay, none have ever been a spot-on 
				reproduction not only in looks but also in function. this new 
				production mounts and wires up exactly the same as the hella 
				original!   
 
 




click
                here for more new products just added to the site!


 







our
                site was last updated on 
                07/30/2024 !








bughaus is in no way affiliated
        with or sponsored by vwag or vwoa. the vw logo and the marks vw,
        volkswagen, beetle, and bug are registered trade marks of vwag.
        the use of volkswagen names and their model names, descriptions, and/or
        numbers are used in applications and descriptions for reference purposes
        only.
        their use in no way denotes or infers a direct connection between
        bughaus and any vehicle manufacturer or their authorized agencies.
        use of various companies names and product lines within this website
        exists only for descriptive and informational purposes and does not
        infer any direct connection between bughaus and these companies.
                all contents are © 1995-2024 bughaus unless otherwise stated. no portions of
        this website may be reproduced without prior written approval from
        bughaus.














               





bughaus - 4606 e. 11th st. - tulsa, ok  74112
	918-834-4287

all pictures and content are © 1995-2022 bughaus, use of this site constitutes acceptance with our
    end-user agreement
.  .  
    .
    contact us   -  
    shipping info   -  
    
    view your cart   -  
    customer service   -   
    
    our privacy statement 
     

	 
	
	 


 


