








the lakeside historical society - lakeside historical society








































































skip to content



    search





search for:


  search





facebook  
youtube channel  
yelp  
 









lakeside historical society
dedicated to the preservation of lakeside's history








    primary menu 


home
about  

lhs board & committee chairs
lhs bylaws
lhs honor bricks
lhs newsletter archive
membership
memorial fund donation form


books
events
hall rental
lakeside museum  

lakeside walking tour


lakeside history  

lakeside township
olde community church
families of lakeside ca  

the beadle family
the cray family
the fosters
the hoover family


lakeside businesses
lakeside homes
the lakeside inn
the boathouse
lindo hotel
floods of lakeside
a history of the flume
lakeside racetrack
eastern railroad
the egg ranch


billy ortiz’ lakeside
contact us  

privacy policy
terms of use


 






 

lakeside, california
"a friendly place to live"		lakeside, california










the lakeside historical society 


we are open!
we are all excited to get back to seeing each other and doing the things we have come to enjoy about the lakeside historical society.
gift shop, museum & archives
open: tues-thurs, sat: 10am—1pm
closed: sun, mon, fri
please note: archives are open on wednesdays. visitors to the archives will be limited to only a few at a time. you may have to wait before being allowed entry. consider an appointment by calling lhs at (619) 561-1886 the tuesday before you wish to arrive.
** membership renewal due january 1st – click here for the lhs membership form. **
 

february 2025 newsletter
 




loading...





taking too long?



 reload document							
|

 open in new tab							



click to download [607.16 kb] 
2025 events
meetings & events held at lhs history center unless noted
9906 maine ave, lakeside ca 92040
february 2025
thursday, february 13, 2025 – board meeting (10 am)
monday, february 24, 2025 – lhs general meeting & presentation (6pm)

janis shackelford’s spaghetti dinner 
presentation by historian, genealogist, land survey and writer leland e bibb ‘lakeside’s rancho santa monica’
$15 donation per person
please rsvp by february 17th! call (619) 561-1886

coming in march 2025
saturday, march 8, 2025 – downtown walking tour (10 am)

meet @ lhs—lunch following tour

thursday, march 13, 2025 – board meeting (10 am)
saturday, march 22, 2025 – volunteer lunch (11 am)
monday, march 24, 2025 – general meeting (6 pm)
meetings & events are held at lhs history center unless noted
lhs bylaws
please review lhs bylaws (updated may 28, 2022).
lhs honor bricks
for only $50.00, you can have your family name, special date, memorial, or business name embossed on a standard size red brick and placed in the lakeside historical society’s memory walk, located in front of the history center.
the bricks are red with block style black lettering.
click here for more information
donate to lhs memorial fund
click link to download form
lhs books for sale
visit our books for sale page
 




loading...





taking too long?



 reload document							
|

 open in new tab							




we’ve added a new book to our offerings – tales of the el monte valley. 
pioneers of lakeside series – history told by those who lived it.
written by joseph head
foreward by allene head savage
introduction by billy ortiz
edited by gary e. mitrovich 
to order your copy please use our book order form.
billy ortiz videos


honoring the ladies of lakeside, california – read more in the january 2021 newsletter.
view lakeside historical society videos on facebook

view billy ortiz legends of lakeside video archive on facebook

billy ortiz at lakeside middle school – harold hilliker farm day (2012)

lakeside inn on youtube – food for thought’s kyle whissel interviews gary mitrovich

lakeside railroad on youtube – food for thought’s kyle whissel interviews gary mitrovich
historic self guided walking tour
lakeside railroad depot
take the free self-guided historic walking tour of lakeside.
historical happenings
visit the newsletter archive to read our latest newsletter or browse earlier editions.
lhs membership fees reminder
please help us continue to preserve and share the history of lakeside. click here for the lhs membership form.
call us at (619) 561-1886 if you have any questions. we appreciate your support!
new to lakeside? welcome!

lakeside, ca became a town site in 1886 as a tourist destination with the building of the lakeside inn that advertised boating, hunting, fishing and just plain old relaxing.  from it’s flashy beginning to the beautiful town it is today, lakeside was, and will continue to be, “a friendly place to live.”
the lakeside historical society was founded in 1972 and is dedicated to the preservation and education of lakeside’s diverse history.  we are located on the corner of maine ave. and parkside st. in the lovingly restored 19th century olde community church of lakeside.

please take the time to leisurely browse through our ever growing online collection of histories and rare images of this beautiful town.  when you come to town, stop by and take a tour of the olde community church, browse our store.
 

 
join our society!
click here to download/print the lhs membership form.
 
lhs annual membership fees
$20 per person/individual; $35 per family; $50 per business/organization;
$200 per person for lifetime; $500 per business for lifetime
lifetime members
did you know we welcomed 13 new lifetime members in 2021?
 
 
please contact us with questions or suggestions.
related images: 






reserve the olde community church hall for weddings, special occasions, meetings and morelhs honor bricksorder books about lakesidelist of books available from lhs (includes order form)read the lhs newsletterabout us the lakeside historical society was founded in 1972 and is dedicated to the preservation and education of lakeside’s diverse history.  this site is a reflection of that dedication to preserving our history.

join the lakeside historical society 






visit us lakeside history center
9906 maine ave
lakeside, ca 92040
click here to get directions
museum, gift shop & archives
tues, wed, thu & sat – 10am – 1pm
closed: sun, mon & fri
archives open on wednesdays
lakeside museum
12418 parkside street
lakeside, california 92040
(next to the olde community church)
click here to get directions
please note: visitors to the archives will be limited to only a few at a time. you may have to wait before being allowed entry. consider an appointment by calling lhs at (619) 561-1886 the tuesday before you wish to arrive.

 

lakeside historical society information lhs board meetings
all members welcome!
2nd thursday of each month 10:00 am
share your lakeside story
we welcome your visit and comments.
please share your piece of history in lakeside, ca.
email: info@lakesidehistory.org

register, log in,

log in
entries feed
comments feed
wordpress.org

website design htb website design by katharina notarianni

 

lakeside organizations  

 









acknowledgements our thanks to connie s. owens of office wife va for efforts made towards launching the lakesidehistory.org website.

 





copyright © 2025 lakeside historical society. all rights reserved. privacy policy
high responsive by catch themes

 



  scroll upthis website or its third-party tools process personal data.in case of sale of your personal information, you may opt out by using the link do not sell my personal information.×privacy & cookies policy




close






privacy overview 
this website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. we also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. these cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. you also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. but opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.

 





								necessary							


necessary

always enabled




									necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. this category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. these cookies do not store any personal information.								






								non-necessary							


non-necessary





									any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. it is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.								












save & accept













scroll up error: please note the lakeside historical society's website content is copyright protected. contact us at info@lakesidehistory.org for permission to use images.






























































































































































































