





fairbanks house historical site – the oldest surviving timber frame house in north america





































 












skip to content













 homeaboutfamily history400th anniversarythe housethe familyboard of directorsvisithours & admissionshouse tour registrationdirections3d virtual toureventsfairbanks annual meeting & reuniongallery of photos120th family reunion galleryfall fair galleryreunionsupportsupport overviewmake a donationindividual givingplanned giving1637 circle giftsvolunteersmembershipmembership overviewbecome a memberpay membership duesdownload membership applicationdownload corporate applicationshopoverview / items by categorygift of membershipbooks & genealogynotecardsposters & printstoys & gamesclothinghousehold & home decormiscellaneousunder $10special order itemssquad locker shopadmissionevent registrationmy shopping cartmy accountcheckoutcontact 












loading...












 











homeanja2024-07-23t11:14:36-04:00 
visit our museum. visit history.
the oldest timber frame house in north america.
the fairbanks house in dedham, ma is the oldest known timber frame house still standing in north america. built circa 1637 for jonathan and grace fairbanks and their six children, it was home to eight generations of the fairbanks family over the course of 268 years. the fairbanks house is now a historic house museum and on the national register of historic places.
donate


~ like no other historic house ~
abbott lowell cummings, former charles f. montgomery professor of american decorative arts at yale university, said that the fairbanks house… “is one of the most important historic houses now standing in the northeastern part of the united states. its value to the area and to the nation as a whole lies not so much in its claim to being the oldest house in new england but in its architectural significance… it may be said quite simply that no other house of the mid-17th century in new england has survived in such unbelievable unspoiled condition. it is extraordinary that so early a structure should preserve such a high percentage of original features. it is a veritable storehouse of information concerning the small handful of houses which survive from this early period.”
~ what’s new ~


fairbanks house was featured on boston 25 zip trip
click here to watch the video
×
2023 dedham zip trip: fairbanks house – boston 25 news

soldiers helping out with spring clean-up at the fairbanks house








soldiers often make history, but three soldiers at the u.s. army combat capabilities development command soldier center, or devcom sc, also volunteered to help preserve it. pfc. william c. curvin, pvt. shirley feng, and spc. tobias c. guck recently volunteered at the fairbanks house in dedham, massachusetts.
read full article here

the #fairbankshouse has gone digital!
take our state of the art 3d virtual tour
take a virtual touralso be sure to follow us on facebook and instagram
for exciting news about how the old house is adapting to the digital age!
save the date! 2025 fairbanks family in america annual reunion & member’s meeting: fri. july 11 & sat., july 12, 2025.
~ our mission statement ~
the fairbanks family in america, inc., seeks to conserve, promote and interpret its two houses, its object based and archival collections through the experience of the fairbanks family in america and their contributions to the american story, from 1637 through the early 20th century. we aim to identify, engage and educate the many public audiences through tours, exhibits and lectures, in an effort to connect with as many as possible by sharing valuable lessons from our past to positively impact lives both in the present and in the future.
see by-laws-ratified at the ffa annual meeting 8/10/2019
ffa-by-laws
join our team
we welcome volunteers and docents to help us with museum tours and special projects. immerse yourself in colonial america.
more details
become a member
membership in the fairbanks family in america is open to all – lineal descendants and friends of the fairbanks house.
learn more
make a donation
support the oldest timber frame home, an example of historic american architecture, and a national treasure.
donate now



 
 





the fairbanks house historical site the fairbanks house, the oldest surviving timber frame house in north america, is open to the public for tours from may through october. 
511 east street, dedham, ma 02026
phone: 781.326.1170
find us on        
         









 



 
 
 





		all rights reserved © the fairbanks house  ~  site by design six degrees 



 
 
 
 
 
 
page load link

brrrr, it’s cold inside with no heat! please visit us next season. opening day is friday may 2, 2025 dismiss 


















