


our island real estate - trusted real estate agency in staten island, ny






















718-273-7700

				934 hylan blvd
staten island, ny

























home


our listings


new construction


all s.i. homes


land


commercial


rentals


vacation rentals


advertise my rental


request a sign


offer to purchase


our agents


our staff


contact us


come grow with us!


open houses


your home's value


find a home






chris reno






mortgages


david saraf


james ustun


bryan distefano


attorneys


tom anselmo


vincent gallo


bill o'neill











we only want to work on transactions
that we can add value to.

we put our clients ahead of the firm
and the firm ahead of ourselves.

our goal is to always do more
than is expected of us.

we like each other. we feel lucky to be working with each other. we help each other, and we don't let each other down.

we know whom we are recommending to our clients and we want to keep it that way.

our sandbox skills are well-developed:
we play well with others.

we do our best with clients who want to team up with a real estate company.

we're confident. we don't have to make anybody else look bad to make ourselves look good.

we like to work hard and we like hard work. our clients don't hire us to do what's easy.

we've always had a commitment to things larger than our own pocketbooks... which enriches us and our approach.


o
ur island real estate agency is meeting the growing needs of the staten island community it serves. for the past ten years, staten island has been the fastest growing borough in new york city. we are proud to say that staten island has a higher percentage of homeowners than any other borough in nyc. as a result, the pride of home ownership really shows. our professionals at our island real estate understand how such trends affect the local real estate market. 

our island real estate recognizes the differences between the various neighborhoods and the ethnic diversity that goes along with our growing population. by having a centrally located office, we are able to serve our clients in a truly unique manner. we are well informed about staten island and all it has to offer, and we possess in-depth knowledge about the individuality of each and every neighborhood. therefore, our professionals are more suited to meet the individual needs of every client at our island real estate. 

at our island real estate, our agency takes great pride in the community and our fellow staten islanders. that pride is the foundation upon which our company has been built. we truly believe that staten island is a great place to call home, and we hope you agree when we show you our real estate agency's selection of available property. our high-level of customer service and incite to the areas equips us to be best suited to help you find a place to call home. 








our island real estate
934 hylan blvd
staten island, ny 10305-2023
718-273-7700
www.ourislandrealestate.com
info@ourisland.com





©2015 our island real estate. an equal opportunity company. equal housing opportunity. all rights reserved. | site map

have an issue concerning the website? contact the webmaster.






































































