


citygoat - home








 
 *** sign-up 
        for the citygoat announcement list***

        keep an ear out for citygoat's new cd: comin' home, available in july 2008... as tracks are finished we'll be posting them on our myspace page.






 news 
        - shows - media 
        - bio - booking
- store
- gallery







get 
      your copy of citygoat's new cd can of worms 
      here!








photo courtesy of tim nolan






 
citygoat is:
      daniel worley - vocals, guitars
      erik santos - vocals, bass
      neil donato - keyboards, vocals
      mike gabelman - drums 
or:
 citygoat ?n. imaginary slang
            term for a rural peasant (a hill-billy) that has moved to the city. alt. a
            sophisticatedly raw brand of roots-rock, rooted in southeast michigan.



 

      the music: citygoat’s potent brand of roots-rock is 
      distilled with country, blues, folk, jazz, funk and at least 30 seconds 
      of disco in 3/4. infused with quirky, catchy songwriting and a raw dynamic 
      musicianship, citygoat’s unique blend of down-n-dirty rock is a tonic 
      for the soul. whether they’re turning a traditional blue-grass tune 
      into driving blues-rock, bringing new life to a classic james gang song, 
      or dropping hints of latin-jazz or reggae into a jumping country-rock original, 
      their shows are always a finely blended cocktail of dancing fun and soaring 
      tunes americana style.






news!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 





7/6 - for the most up-to-date information 
          please check citygoat's myspace.com 
          page:
http://www.myspace.com/citygoat


 



12/12 - can of worms 
          is here!!! we had an amazing release party on saturday (thank you), 
          and many new exciting developments:


we're now on myspace.com (http://www.myspace.com/citygoat) 
          with lot's of fun stuff (a blog, streaming tunes, photo gallery, and 
          friends)... this is the best way to keep in touch with us.
you can now purchase and download the entire citygoat catalog from 
          broadjam.com for just 
          99 cents a song.
oh yeah, did i mention that we've released can of worms? 
          you can buy your very own copy from our store... 
          and they make great holiday gifts. 

          thank you for all your enthusiasm and support. have a great holiday 
          season!









the citygoat news archive is available
      here...







 news - shows - music - bio - booking - store - gallery
monday night videos here! 
© all materials copyright 2003-2005, citygoat,
              all rights reserved.




ブランドコピー,モンクレール スーパーコピー,シャネルコピー 財布,スーパーコピー後払い,モンクレール コピー,韓国コピー,ルイヴィトンコピー 財布,スーパーコピー時計代引き,シャネル 時計コピー,韓国スーパーコピー,ルイヴィトンスーパーコピー 財布,ルイヴィトン 時計 コピー,スーパーコピー韓国,ブランド 服 コピー,ルイヴィトン コピー


